You are an automated scientific writer assistant. Use only the
information provided in the following records to write one paragraph
explaining and exemplifying the relationships among the following
keywords:

INVESTMENT_DECISIONS; COSTS; ELECTRICITY_PRICES; DECISION_MAKING;
ELECTRIC_POWER_TRANSMISSION_NETWORKS; ENERGY_POLICY;
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY; PRESENT_VALUES; SMART_GRIDS; CLIMATE_CHANGE

Use the Record-No value between brackets to indicate the reference to the
record. For example, [1] means that the information is in the Record-No
1. Use notes below of the generated text to justify the affirmation. Use
only phrases appearing in the provided text.

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 116
Citations: 57
Record-ID: Torani K., 2016, ENERGY POLICY, V92, P255
Title: INNOVATION_SUBSIDIES_VERSUS_CONSUMER_SUBSIDIES: a REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS
of SOLAR_ENERGY
Abstract:
```
given the interest in the commercialization of affordable,
CLEAN_ENERGY_TECHNOLOGIES, we examine the prospects of
SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAICS (PV). we consider the question of how to transition
to a MEANINGFUL_PERCENTAGE of SOLAR_ENERGY in a SUSTAINABLE_MANNER and
which policies are most effective in accelerating adoption. this paper
develops a stochastic DYNAMIC_MODEL of the adoption of SOLAR_PV in the
residential and COMMERCIAL_SECTOR under two sources of UNCERTAINTY _ the
price of ELECTRICITY and COST of SOLAR. the ANALYTIC_RESULTS suggest that
a HIGH_RATE of INNOVATION may DELAY_ADOPTION of a NEW_TECHNOLOGY if the
consumer has RATIONAL_PRICE_EXPECTATIONS. we simulate the model across
ALTERNATIVE_RATES_TECHNOLOGICAL change, ELECTRICITY_PRICES, subsidies and
CARBON_TAXES. it is shown that there will be a displacement of
INCUMBENT_TECHNOLOGIES and a widespread shift towards SOLAR_PV in under
30 YEARS _ and that this can occur without CONSUMER_INCENTIVES and CARBON
PRICING. we show that these policies have a MODEST_IMPACT in accelerating
adoption, and that they may not be an EFFECTIVE_PART of CLIMATE_POLICY.
instead, results demonstrate that further TECHNOLOGICAL_CHANGE is the
CRUCIAL_DETERMINANT and MAIN_DRIVER of adoption. further, results
indicate that subsidies and taxes become increasingly ineffective with
higher rates of TECHNOLOGICAL_CHANGE.  2016.
```

--

Record-No: 129
Citations: 25
Record-ID: Welling A., 2016, EUR J OPER RES, V251, P1016
Title: the paradox effects of UNCERTAINTY and FLEXIBILITY on INVESTMENT in
RENEWABLES under GOVERNMENTAL_SUPPORT
Abstract:
```
given that companies have the FLEXIBILITY to decide about size and timing
of a RENEWABLE_ELECTRICITY_INVESTMENT, the existence of four paradox
effects is proven: only the type but not the amount of
GOVERNMENTAL_SUPPORT has an influence on the OPTIMAL_CAPACITY of a
RENEWABLE_ELECTRICITY GENERATING_SYSTEM. a decrease of
GOVERNMENTAL_SUPPORT over time may result in higher capacities of
RENEWABLES installed on an INDUSTRY_LEVEL, at least on the SHORT_TERM.
likewise, higher UNCERTAINTY may encourage an expansion of these
capacities. in contrast, TECHNOLOGICAL_PROGRESS may hamper the expansion
of capacities. finally, these four paradox effects are exemplified in a
germany_based CASE_STUDY regarding a PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECT.  2016 elsevier
b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 117
Citations: 23
Record-ID: Mart√≠n-Barrera G., 2016, RENEWABLE SUSTAINABLE ENERGY REV, V63, P292
Title: application of REAL_OPTIONS_VALUATION for analysing the impact of
PUBLIC_R&d FINANCING on RENEWABLE_ENERGY_PROJECTS: a COMPANYS_PERSPECTIVE
Abstract:
```
this PAPER_CONTRASTS the FINANCIAL_BENEFIT of grants given to RESEARCH
and DEVELOPMENT_PROJECTS with the reduction in MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY
they impose, which implies a loss in the value of the project. to
quantify this loss of value, REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS has been adopted as
the most SUITABLE_FRAMEWORK to assess and
QUANTIFY_MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY. this idea is illustrated by the case of
a RESEARCH and DEVELOPMENT_PROJECT in RENEWABLE_ENERGY, specifically
concentrated SOLAR_POWER. our results show that the value added by the
grants is less than the NOMINAL_INCENTIVES received as a result of the
loss of FLEXIBILITY for MANAGERS; they cannot apply CERTAIN_OPTIONS such
as deferral, nor can they abandon the project. therefore, a break_even
grant is proposed that equals the FINANCIAL_INCENTIVE with the loss of
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY. under this break_even point, the grant should be
rejected. this paper will create awareness for both POLICY_MAKERS and
PRIVATE_COMPANIES regarding a more ACCURATE_ASSESSMENT of grants to
RESEARCH_AND_DEVELOPMENT FUNDING as well as provide insights to improve
GRANT_SCHEMES without increasing the amount of PUBLIC_FUNDS.  2016
ELSEVIER_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 160
Citations: 18
Record-ID: Gahrooei M.R., 2016, SUSTAINABLE CITIES SOC, V20, P109
Title: timing RESIDENTIAL_PHOTOVOLTAIC_INVESTMENTS in the presence of
DEMAND_UNCERTAINTIES
Abstract:
```
as INVESTMENT in RESIDENTIAL_PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS is increasing at a
RAPID_PACE, it is important to investigate whether delaying or otherwise
timing these INVESTMENTS can maximize LONG_TERM_INVESTMENT_GAINS.
CONVENTIONAL_FINANCIAL_ANALYSIS_METHODS for evaluating
INVESTMENT_DECISIONS in solar_electric system are all based on a one_time
installation of the PV_SYSTEMS and cannot be applied to analyze the
benefit of delayed and staged INVESTMENT. SUCH_BENEFITS could be
declining COSTS of PV_SYSTEMS thus tempting investors to hold off and
wait for a better moment to invest. this paper proposes a
DECISION_MAKING_FRAMEWORK using the REAL_OPTION_METHOD to analyze the
OPTIMUM_TIME to invest in a RESIDENTIAL_PV_SYSTEM in DIFFERENT_SCENARIOS.
a reference RESIDENTIAL_HOUSE is used to test the effect of
DIFFERENT_INVESTMENT_STRATEGIES. the results show the type of staged
INVESTMENT of installing RESIDENTIAL_PV_SYSTEM that maximizes the
long_term payoff. this reveals when the option to DELAY_INVESTMENT is
preferred. the supporting SOURCE_CODE and data are available for download
at https://github.com/reisiga2/solarpanelinvestment.  2015 ELSEVIER_LTD.
all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 89
Citations: 17
Record-ID: Kim B., 2017, J CLEAN PROD, V140, P1322
Title: determining the OPTIMAL_INSTALLATION_TIMING of building integrated
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS offer CLEAN_ENERGY_PRODUCTION and have the potential
to meet FUTURE_ENERGY_DEMANDS. as a decentralized POWER_SOURCE,
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS_ENHANCE the security of ELECTRICITY_SUPPLIES. one
type of PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS, building integrated PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS,
offer ADDITIONAL_ADVANTAGES beyond TRADITIONAL_PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS as
they do not require LARGE_SWATCHES of land as they are integrated into
existing BUILDINGS. unfortunately, despite these benefits, UNCERTAINTY
regarding FUTURE_ELECTRICITY_PRICES make valuing PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS
difficult, which reduces their attractiveness. in scenarios with
UNCERTAINTY in FUTURE_ELECTRICITY_PRICES, investors have
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY in the form of deferring INVESTMENT and
considering VARIOUS_SYSTEM_SIZES, which can affect and improve
SYSTEM_VALUATIONS. considering that variation in ELECTRICITY_PRICES can
jeopardize the TIMELY_INSTALLATION of an optimally sized
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEM, the objective of this paper is to propose a
REAL_OPTION_FRAMEWORK to model the price of ELECTRICITY and account for
the value of MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY when valuing building integrated
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS. a CASE_STUDY using the framework is conducted to
calculate the net PRESENT_VALUE of a real_life building integrated
PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECT in daejeon, SOUTH_KOREA. it was found that the
OPTIMAL_DECISION for would_be building integrated
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEM_OWNERS is to wait to invest in building integrated
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS when there are HIGH_LEVELS of UNCERTAINTY in
FUTURE_ELECTRICITY_PRICES. this holds true even if the net PRESENT_VALUES
for systems without options are positive. when applying this strategy to
the apartment complex in the CASE_STUDY, it generated an OPTION_VALUE of
approximately $87,000.  2016 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

INVESTMENT_DECISIONS; COSTS; ELECTRICITY_PRICES; DECISION_MAKING;
ELECTRIC_POWER_TRANSMISSION_NETWORKS; ENERGY_POLICY;
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY; PRESENT_VALUES; SMART_GRIDS; CLIMATE_CHANGE

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 162
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Sesmero J., 2016, ENERGY POLICY, V93, P80
Title: the effect of current and PROSPECTIVE_POLICIES on
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEM_ECONOMICS: an application to the us MIDWEST
Abstract:
```
this STUDY_MODELS FUNDAMENTAL_FEATURES of current and
PROSPECTIVE_POLICIES ENCOURAGING_ADOPTION of RESIDENTIAL_PHOTOVOLTAIC
(PV) systems. a key finding is that time_of_day (tod) PRICING can enhance
or worsen the ECONOMICS of PV_SYSTEMS. moreover, increased responsiveness
of ELECTRICITY_DEMAND to its PRICE_DIMINISHES the effectiveness of tod
PRICING in the absence of net metering, but does not affect it otherwise.
an application to PLAUSIBLE_CONDITIONS in the state of INDIANA, usa,
shows that CURRENT_POLICIES are unlikely to TRIGGER_ADOPTION by a
risk_neutral forward_looking RESIDENTIAL_CUSTOMER. however, adoption of
PV_SYSTEMS can be induced if the FEDERAL_TAX_CREDIT is increased to cover
48% of CAPITAL_COST (instead of the current 30%), which could imply a
COST to the FEDERAL_GOVERNMENT of about $0.95/kw of INSTALLED_CAPACITY
depending on the panel's size. we demonstrate that implementation of tod
PRICING can TRIGGER_ADOPTION under a range of on_ and off_peak price
combinations. but our analysis also shows that the cost_effectiveness of
tod PRICING is enhanced at higher ratios of on_peak to off_peak prices.
2016 ELSEVIER_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 8
Citations: 9
Record-ID: Song S., 2017, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENVIRON SCI, V67
Title: SOLAR_PV leasing in SINGAPORE: enhancing return on INVESTMENTS with
options
Abstract:
```
RENEWABLE_ENERGY is getting more IMPORTANT_NOWADAYS as an alternative to
TRADITIONAL_ENERGIES. SOLAR_ENERGY, according to ENERGY_MARKET_AUTHORITY,
is the most viable in the context of SINGAPORE compared to other
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES due to land constraints. in light of the
increasing adoption of SOLAR_POWER in SINGAPORE, this PAPER_FOCUSES on
SOLAR_PV leasing using a CASE_STUDY. this PAPER_ASSESSES the prospect for
SOLAR_PV LEASING_COMPANIES in SINGAPORE through the lens of embedded
REAL_OPTIONS. the RECENT_NEWS that SOLAR_POWER is becoming the
CHEAPEST_FORM of NEW_ELECTRICITY presents the leasing company an option
to expand the scale of SOLAR_PV_SYSTEM. taking into account this option,
the net PRESENT_VALUE (NPV) of the INVESTMENT increased significantly
compared to the case without REAL_OPTIONS.
TECHNOLOGICAL_DEVELOPMENTS_RESULT in a continuously CHANGING_ENVIRONMENT
with uncertainties. thus, DECISION_MAKERS_NEED to be aware of the
INHERENT_RISK associated and IDENTIFY_OPTIONS to MAXIMIZE_NPV. this
UPSIDE_POTENTIAL is realized by exercising the MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY and
exploiting the UNCERTAINTY. the paper enables SOLAR_ENERGY_PLANNERS to
consider POSSIBLE_MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITIES under uncertainties, showing
how option thinking can be incorporated in the VALUATION of SOLAR_ENERGY.
published under licence by iop publishing ltd.
```

--

Record-No: 40
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Risthaus K., 2017, ENERGY PROCEDIA, V142, P2816
Title: ECONOMIC_ANALYSIS of ELECTRICITY_STORAGE based on HEAT_PUMPS and
THERMAL_STORAGE_UNITS in LARGE_SCALE thermal POWER_PLANTS
Abstract:
```
in this paper the FINANCIAL_VIABILITY of a NOVEL_STORAGE_CONCEPT,
referred to as 'integrated pumped_heat_electricity storage', is assessed
for both a coal_fired and a combined cycle (cc) POWER_PLANT located in
GERMANY, as well as for a concentrated SOLAR_POWER (csp) plant located in
spain. the rationale of this concept is to use ELECTRICITY during times
of CHEAP_WHOLESALE_MARKET_PRICES, e.g. stemming from a high supply of
RENEWABLE_ENERGIES, in order to GENERATE_THERMAL_ENERGY via a HEAT_PUMP,
since THERMAL_ENERGY can be stored at comparatively low COST. if the
ELECTRICITY_DEMAND_RISES again, the stored THERMAL_ENERGY is used to
power a conventional water_steam cycle, thereby reducing the amount of
FOSSIL_FUELS used or enlarging the operating time of a CSP_PLANT. a mixed
INTEGER_LINEAR_PROGRAM, considering the day_ahead
WHOLESALE_MARKET_ELECTRICITY_PRICES and remunerations of
OFFERING_TERTIARY_CONTROL_POWER in GERMANY, is employed to find an
approximation of the OPTIMAL_SCHEDULE for the generation in the
POWER_PLANT as well as for the purchase and the sale of ELECTRICITY. the
FINANCIAL_VIABILITY is assessed using net PRESENT_VALUE (NPV) and
REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS. storing ELECTRICITY to profit from
TEMPORAL_ARBITRAGE is found to be unprofitable, since the (conservatively
estimated) COSTS of THERMAL_STORAGE_UNITS are still too high. the largest
part of the revenues stems from the remunerations of
OFFERING_TERTIARY_CONTROL_POWER. therefore, while the utilization of
HEAT_PUMPS, which are estimated to have rather HIGH_COSTS, is not
profitable, employing ELECTRIC_HEATERS without STORAGE_UNITS is found to
be economically viable for a coal_fired and a CC_POWER_PLANT in GERMANY.
here, NPV and REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS_YIELD the same result, i.e. to invest
immediately in such an application. in spain,
OFFERING_TERTIARY_CONTROL_POWER is presently not remunerated, but only
the call_offs of TERTIARY_CONTROL_ENERGY, which are not considered in the
mixed INTEGER_LINEAR_PROGRAM. consequently, employing ELECTRIC_HEATERS in
CSP_PLANTS in spain is found to be not financially viable either.  2017
the authors. published by ELSEVIER_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 110
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Kim K., 2016, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENVIRON SCI, V40
Title: REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS for PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECT under CLIMATE_UNCERTAINTY
Abstract:
```
the decision on PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECT depends on the level of
CLIMATE_ENVIRONMENTS. changes in temperature and insolation affect
PHOTOVOLTAIC_OUTPUT. it is important for investors to consider
FUTURE_CLIMATE_CONDITIONS for determining INVESTMENTS on
PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECTS. we propose a real options_based framework to
assess ECONOMIC_FEASIBILITY of PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECT under CLIMATE_CHANGE.
the FRAMEWORK_SUPPORTS_INVESTORS to evaluate CLIMATE_CHANGE impact on
PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECTS under FUTURE_CLIMATE_UNCERTAINTY.  published under
licence by iop publishing ltd.
```

--

Record-No: 20
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Restrepo-Garc√©s A.R., 2017, INGENIARE, V25, P399
Title: MULTICRITERIA_HYBRID_METHOD   ROA, for the choice of generation of
RENEWABLE_SOURCES: CASE_STUDY in shopping centers;
Abstract:
```
in the ACTUAL_CONTEXT in which COMMERCIAL_INDUSTRIES_NEED to achieve
greater competitiveness through their processes, efficiency is required
in the MANAGEMENT of ELECTRICITY. COMMERCIAL_BUILDINGS_NEED_SOLUTIONS
that are adequate to their environment and that would mean
ECONOMIC_BENEFITS. given the case in which a commercial building
self_generates ELECTRICITY from RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES (res), methods
are required for allowing EVALUATION of ALTERNATIVE_SOURCES for
generation, taking into account both the res and
METHODS_CHARACTERISTIC_UNCERTAINTIES, which are involved in the process
of TECHNOLOGY_SELECTION. this paper proposes a HYBRID_METHOD composed by
technics of ANALYTIC_HIERARCHY_PROCESS (ahp), the technique for
ORDER_PREFERENCE by similarity to IDEAL_SOLUTION (topsis), the theory
REAL_OPTION_ANALYSIS (ROA), the MONTE_CARLO_SIMULATION (mcs), and the
BINOMIAL_METHOD (bm), to select the most ADEQUATE_TECHNOLOGIES for
ELECTRICITY self_generation in shopping centers (scs); it takes into
account economic, environmental, technological and TECHNICAL_CRITERIA,
within the COLOMBIAN_REGULATORY_FRAMEWORK. the CASE_STUDY was based on
REAL_DATA for scs in three DIFFERENT_COLOMBIAN_CITIES with
DIFFERENT_METEOROLOGICAL_CONDITIONS. it was demonstrated that taken into
account the REAL_OPTIONS, the PHOTOVOLTAIC_TECHNOLOGIES are
VIABLE_PROJECTS to be implemented in the COMMERCIAL_SECTOR. the study is
a CONCEPTUAL_CONTRIBUTION and it proposes a methodology for improving the
understanding of the COMPLEX_PROCESS of DECISION_MAKING with its
application in the EVALUATION of RES_TECHNOLOGIES, considering the
incentives and the IMPLICIT_REAL_OPTIONS in the REGULATORY_FRAMEWORK of a
region or a country.  2017, universidad de tarapaca. all rights reserved.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

INVESTMENT_DECISIONS; COSTS; ELECTRICITY_PRICES; DECISION_MAKING;
ELECTRIC_POWER_TRANSMISSION_NETWORKS; ENERGY_POLICY;
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY; PRESENT_VALUES; SMART_GRIDS; CLIMATE_CHANGE

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 95
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Palmintier B., 2016, IEEE POWER ENERGY SOC INNOV SMART GRID TECHNOL CONF
ISGT
Title: DESIGN_FLEXIBILITY for uncertain DISTRIBUTED_GENERATION from
PHOTOVOLTAICS
Abstract:
```
UNCERTAINTY in the FUTURE_ADOPTION_PATTERNS for distributed
ENERGY_RESOURCES (ders) introduces a challenge for
ELECTRIC_DISTRIBUTION_SYSTEM_PLANNING. this PAPER_EXPLORES the potential
for FLEXIBILITY in DESIGN _ also known as REAL_OPTIONS _ to
IDENTIFY_DESIGN_SOLUTIONS that may never emerge when FUTURE_DER_PATTERNS
are treated as deterministic. a TEST_CASE for STORAGE_SYSTEM_DESIGN with
uncertain DISTRIBUTED_GENERATION for SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAICS (dgpv)
demonstrates this approach and is used to study sensitivities to a range
of techno_economic assumptions.  2016 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 84
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Secomandi N., 2017, FOUND TRENDS TECHNOL INF OPER MANAGE, V11, P144
Title: approximations for HIGH_DIMENSIONAL_COMMODITY and
ENERGY_MERCHANT_OPERATIONS_MODELS
Abstract:
```
MERCHANT_OPERATIONS is an approach to MANAGE_COMMODITY and
ENERGY_CONVERSION_ASSETS modeled as REAL_OPTIONS. firms operate networks
of SUCH_ASSETS, e.g., MULTIPLE_WIND or SOLAR_FARMS that
GENERATE_ELECTRICITY at DIFFERENT_GEOGRAPHICAL_LOCATIONS, may be coupled
with local grid_level ENERGY_STORAGE facilities, and are connected to
VARIOUS_WHOLESALE_POWER_MARKETS via capacitated TRANSMISSION_LINES. the
CORRESPONDING_MODELS are typically intractable. this work describes
methods to COMPUTE_APPROXIMATE OPERATING_POLICIES and assess their
OPTIMALITY_GAPS for SUCH_MODELS. these approximations extend techniques
developed for MODELS of single commodity and ENERGY_CONVERSION_ASSETS.
```

--

Record-No: 113
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Guo X., 2016, IEEE POWER ENERGY SOC INNOV SMART GRID TECHNOL CONF ISGT
Title: INVESTMENT_TIMING_STUDY for residential distributed
ENERGY_RESOURCE_PROJECTS: a REAL_OPTION_APPROACH
Abstract:
```
with increasing penetration of distributed ENERGY_RESOURCES (ders), the
application of DERS_PROJECTS is of interest. since it has
SIGNIFICANT_PROPERTY of FLEXIBILITY (for example, the option to
DEFER_INVESTMENT), the traditional DECISION_MAKING method _ 'now or
never' is not applicable. in this paper, we propose the utilization of
REAL_OPTIONS (ro) method in MAKING_DECISION on the ENTRY_TIME for
RESIDENTIAL_DERS, which considers the decrease in INITIAL_COSTS and can
recommend the best INVESTMENT_TIMING for home owners, in order to
maximize the profits, thus FLEXIBILITY_VALUE is addressed in making
INVESTMENTS. monte_carlo SIMULATION is applied to GENERATE_RANDOM passes
for ELECTRICITY_PRICE. the INVESTMENT on roof_top SOLAR_ENERGY for a
community is used as the STUDY_CASE, to verify our theory and
CORRESPONDING_METHODS.  2016 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 56
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Mancini M., 2016, IEEE INT CONF IND ENG ENG MANAGE, V2016-December, P1101
Title: a REAL_OPTIONS_INVESTMENT_MODEL for the EVALUATION of WIND and
PHOTOVOLTAIC_PLANTS
Abstract:
```
RECENT_YEARS have been characterized by an increasing ENERGY_DEMAND and
by growing attention to ENERGY_PRODUCTION_SUSTAINABILITY. for this
reason, the number of plants powered by RENEWABLE_SOURCES has increased.
simultaneously, the ENERGY_SECTOR has to face increasing UNCERTAINTY due
to MARKET_LIBERALIZATION. these factors has made it necessary for
investors to find a PROPER_EVALUATION_METHOD for their projects able to
take into account also these aspects. this WORK_TRIES to provide two
ORIGINAL_CONTRIBUTIONS: firstly, the creation of a model that helps the
investor to understand which TECHNOLOGY can best satisfy his ENERGY_NEED;
and secondly, the implementation of the ro (i.e. REAL_OPTION) approach.
to verify the consistency of the model, it has been applied to three
DIFFERENT_REAL_SITUATIONS.  2016 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 32
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Esteves G.R.T., 2017, INT CONF EUROPEAN ENERGY MARKET EEM
Title: SOLAR_ENERGY for descentralized ENERGY supply: a REAL_OPTION_APPROACH
Abstract:
```
BRAZIL is one of the countries in the world with highest potential for
SOLAR_ENERGY supply. in the last YEARS, BRAZILIAN_ELECTRICITY_REGULATION
has undergone through CONSIDERABLE_CHANGES, most of them to stimulate and
promote micro and mini DECENTRALIZED_ENERGY_SUPPLY arrangements,
SMART_GRID_SOLUTIONS and other technologies related to it. despite of it,
there is lack of studies addressing problems like MARKET and user's
potential and how markets and services should be prepared to absorb
DECENTRALIZE_SOLAR_ENERGY_GENERATION, especially considering medium and
LOW_VOLTAGE_CONSUMERS. therefore, the ARTICLES_PURPOSE is to study, using
a REAL_OPTION_APPROACH, the viability of decentralized SOLAR_ENERGY
generation's INVESTMENTS considering DIFFERENT_MARKET_DESIGNS. as in
BRAZIL, DECENTRALIZED_ENERGY_SUPPLY is still incipient; a
REAL_OPTION_APPROACH provides DIFFERENT_SCENARIOS and insights for
stakeholders to understand POSSIBLE_MARKET_DESIGNS_CONCEPTIONS.  2017
ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

INVESTMENT_DECISIONS; COSTS; ELECTRICITY_PRICES; DECISION_MAKING;
ELECTRIC_POWER_TRANSMISSION_NETWORKS; ENERGY_POLICY;
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY; PRESENT_VALUES; SMART_GRIDS; CLIMATE_CHANGE

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 14
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Gomes A.L.C., 2017, FRONT, V6, P83
Title: ECONOMIC_EVALUATION of a PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEM for SELF_CONSUMPTION;
Abstract:
```
scarcity of NATURAL_RESOURCES, the rising of ENERGY_NEEDS,
RECENT_LEGISLATIVE_INCENTIVES and a growing concern about
ENVIRONMENTAL_ISSUES have triggered an increasing demand for
ALTERNATIVE_SOURCES of ENERGY. this study intends to analyze the
ECONOMIC_VIABILITY of a PHOTOVOLTAIC (vf) system of
ELECTRICITY_PRODUCTION for SELF_CONSUMPTION, at the POLYTECHNIC_CAMPUS of
viseu. the EVALUATION was based on the creation of 3 scenarios for the
power of the PV_SYSTEM, and TRADITIONAL_METRICS (net PRESENT_VALUE and
payback) were used. the EVALUATION was complemented with
REAL_OPTIONS_TECHNIQUES (DECISION_TREES) that allow to
INCORPORATE_SOURCES of UNCERTAINTY and OPERATIONAL_FLEXIBILITY. overall,
the INVESTMENT_REVEALS ECONOMIC_INTEREST and payback is inversely
proportional to the value of the tariff supported in the acquisition of
power to the grid.
```

--

Record-No: 2
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Hinker J., 2016, IEEE PES INNOVATIVE SMART GRID TECHNOL CONF EUROPE, P805
Title: deriving FUTURE_BUILDING_STOCKS from home owners' REAL_OPTION to
DEFER_INVESTMENTS
Abstract:
```
PRIVATE_HOME_OWNERS are free to invest in ENERGY EFFICIENT_REFURBISHMENTS
of their building at any time. besides, they can
INSTALL_PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS, HEAT_PUMPS and other EQUIPMENT at will.
although the consequences for DISTRIBUTION_GRIDS can be significant, most
studies about the FUTURE supply task still utilize fixed ANNUAL_RATES of
refurbishment and scenarios for the installation of distributed
ENERGY_RESOURCES (der). while highly ECONOMICAL_INVESTMENTS are usually
undertaken, a lot of UNCERTAINTY remains for PRIVATE_INVESTORS. in this
study, the effect of SUCH_UNCERTAINTIES is modelled in terms of a highly
FLEXIBLE_REAL_OPTIONS_VALUATION that focuses on the option to defer an
INVESTMENT. it is therefore assumed that the expected value of most
INVESTMENTS is high while a SIGNIFICANT_AMOUNT of RISK has to be dealt
with. HISTORIC_DATA of refurbishment and MARKET_SITUATION is used to
calibrate the model and to derive FUTURE_RATES of refurbishment for
DIFFERENT_SUBSIDY_SCHEMES.  2016 ieee.
```


