You are an automated scientific writer assistant. Use only the
information provided in the following records to write one paragraph
explaining and exemplifying the relationships among the following
keywords:

PRESENT_VALUES; MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY; NET_PRESENT_VALUE;
CASH_FLOW_ANALYSIS; BINOMIAL_DECISION_TREE; PROJECT_VALUES;
RISK_PERCEPTION; RISK_ASSESSMENT

Use the Record-No value between brackets to indicate the reference to the
record. For example, [1] means that the information is in the Record-No
1. Use notes below of the generated text to justify the affirmation. Use
only phrases appearing in the provided text.

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 149
Citations: 81
Record-ID: Zhang M.M., 2014, RENEWABLE SUSTAINABLE ENERGY REV, V40, P944
Title: a REAL_OPTION_MODEL for RENEWABLE_ENERGY_POLICY_EVALUATION with
application to SOLAR_PV_POWER_GENERATION in CHINA
Abstract:
```
this study proposes a POLICY_EVALUATION_MODEL from the perspective of
GOVERNMENT and investors. the proposed model, which
INTEGRATES_AMERICAN_OPTION_METHOD and two_factor LEARNING_CURVE method,
can be used to evaluate the UNIT_DECISION_VALUE and save_path rate for
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_DEVELOPMENT and examine the existence of BALANCE_POINT
of interest. several UNCERTAIN_FACTORS including non_renewable ENERGY
COST, CARBON_PRICE, RENEWABLE_ENERGY_COST, and PRICE_SUBSIDY are all
considered in this model. the model has been applied to evaluate the
SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) POWER_GENERATION in CHINA. our EMPIRICAL_RESULTS
show that REAL_OPTION_ANALYSIS (ROA) is more effective than net
PRESENT_VALUE_ANALYSIS (NPV) when handling UNCERTAINTY. under
CURRENT_LEVEL of SUBSIDY, the GOVERNMENT would SUFFER_LOSS and the
investors could benefit so that it is difficult to achieve the balance of
interest during the PLANNING_PERIOD. with the reduction of SUBSIDY_RATE,
they can achieve the balance of interest.  2014 ELSEVIER_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 117
Citations: 23
Record-ID: Mart√≠n-Barrera G., 2016, RENEWABLE SUSTAINABLE ENERGY REV, V63, P292
Title: application of REAL_OPTIONS_VALUATION for analysing the impact of
PUBLIC_R&d FINANCING on RENEWABLE_ENERGY_PROJECTS: a COMPANYS_PERSPECTIVE
Abstract:
```
this PAPER_CONTRASTS the FINANCIAL_BENEFIT of grants given to RESEARCH
and DEVELOPMENT_PROJECTS with the reduction in MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY
they impose, which implies a loss in the value of the project. to
quantify this loss of value, REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS has been adopted as
the most SUITABLE_FRAMEWORK to assess and
QUANTIFY_MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY. this idea is illustrated by the case of
a RESEARCH and DEVELOPMENT_PROJECT in RENEWABLE_ENERGY, specifically
concentrated SOLAR_POWER. our results show that the value added by the
grants is less than the NOMINAL_INCENTIVES received as a result of the
loss of FLEXIBILITY for MANAGERS; they cannot apply CERTAIN_OPTIONS such
as deferral, nor can they abandon the project. therefore, a break_even
grant is proposed that equals the FINANCIAL_INCENTIVE with the loss of
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY. under this break_even point, the grant should be
rejected. this paper will create awareness for both POLICY_MAKERS and
PRIVATE_COMPANIES regarding a more ACCURATE_ASSESSMENT of grants to
RESEARCH_AND_DEVELOPMENT FUNDING as well as provide insights to improve
GRANT_SCHEMES without increasing the amount of PUBLIC_FUNDS.  2016
ELSEVIER_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 89
Citations: 17
Record-ID: Kim B., 2017, J CLEAN PROD, V140, P1322
Title: determining the OPTIMAL_INSTALLATION_TIMING of building integrated
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS offer CLEAN_ENERGY_PRODUCTION and have the potential
to meet FUTURE_ENERGY_DEMANDS. as a decentralized POWER_SOURCE,
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS_ENHANCE the security of ELECTRICITY_SUPPLIES. one
type of PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS, building integrated PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS,
offer ADDITIONAL_ADVANTAGES beyond TRADITIONAL_PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS as
they do not require LARGE_SWATCHES of land as they are integrated into
existing BUILDINGS. unfortunately, despite these benefits, UNCERTAINTY
regarding FUTURE_ELECTRICITY_PRICES make valuing PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS
difficult, which reduces their attractiveness. in scenarios with
UNCERTAINTY in FUTURE_ELECTRICITY_PRICES, investors have
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY in the form of deferring INVESTMENT and
considering VARIOUS_SYSTEM_SIZES, which can affect and improve
SYSTEM_VALUATIONS. considering that variation in ELECTRICITY_PRICES can
jeopardize the TIMELY_INSTALLATION of an optimally sized
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEM, the objective of this paper is to propose a
REAL_OPTION_FRAMEWORK to model the price of ELECTRICITY and account for
the value of MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY when valuing building integrated
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS. a CASE_STUDY using the framework is conducted to
calculate the net PRESENT_VALUE of a real_life building integrated
PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECT in daejeon, SOUTH_KOREA. it was found that the
OPTIMAL_DECISION for would_be building integrated
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEM_OWNERS is to wait to invest in building integrated
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS when there are HIGH_LEVELS of UNCERTAINTY in
FUTURE_ELECTRICITY_PRICES. this holds true even if the net PRESENT_VALUES
for systems without options are positive. when applying this strategy to
the apartment complex in the CASE_STUDY, it generated an OPTION_VALUE of
approximately $87,000.  2016 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 26
Citations: 13
Record-ID: Zhang N., 2018, ENERGY PROCEDIA, V152, P959
Title: development of an INNOVATION_DIFFUSION_MODEL for
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_DEPLOYMENT
Abstract:
```
INVESTMENT in RENEWABLE_ENERGY, such as BUILDING_PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV), has
higher VOLATILITY than NORMAL_PRODUCTS due to
UNCERTAIN_PRODUCT_PERFORMANCE and SUCH_HIGH_UNCERTAINTIES become the
roadblock to the growth of RENEWABLE_ENERGY_MARKET.
PREVIOUS_STUDIES_FOCUS on DIFFUSION_OF_INNOVATION from MACRO_ASPECT but
ignore the MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY of individual's INVESTMENT. this paper
established a NOVEL_DIFFUSION_MODEL that integrates agent_based modelling
(abm), REAL_OPTION and SOCIAL_NETWORKS to assess the propagation of
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_ADOPTION. the proposed MODEL_INCORPORATES the
heterogeneity of individuals' RISK_PREFERENCES into REAL_OPTION_DECISION
to determine one'S_WILLINGNESS to invest RENEWABLE_ENERGY. the
PERCEPTUAL_RISKS vary through one'S_INTERACTION with NETWORK_PEERS after
knowing the PAST_EXPERIENCES from those peers. the model is then applied
to the RESIDENTIAL_PV_DIFFUSION in SINGAPORE, with results that validate
the effectiveness of the model and also imply POLICY_RECOMMENDATIONS to
stimulate the development of PV_MARKET. copyright  2018 ELSEVIER_LTD. all
rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 30
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Di Bari A., 2020, ENERGIES, V13
Title: a REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH to VALUATE_SOLAR_ENERGY_INVESTMENT with
PUBLIC_AUTHORITY_INCENTIVES: the ITALIAN_CASE
Abstract:
```
SOLAR_ENERGY_INVESTMENT represents currently a VALID_REASON to support
SUSTAINABLE_ECONOMIC_DEVELOPMENT. in fact, over the last few YEARS,
governments have applied DIFFERENT_MEASURES to incentivize
PRIVATE_CONSUMERS and firms to use RENEWABLE_ENERGIES. PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV)
projects are characterized by UNCERTAINTY due to
METEOROLOGICAL_CONDITIONS, the UNPREDICTABLE_BEHAVIOR of GOVERNMENT, and
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY. since the net PRESENT_VALUE (NPV) approach is not
able to capture these UNCERTAIN_FACTORS, it was replaced with the
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH (ROA). the latter METHOD_MANAGES to embed
FLEXIBILITY in PV_INVESTMENT using BINOMIAL_TREES. this
PAPER_VALUATES_PV_INVESTMENT in all REGIONAL_AREAS in ITALY using an
integrated approach between the discounted cash flows method and
REAL_OPTION_VALUE, called expanded net PRESENT_VALUE (ENPV). we fit the
PROBABILITY of TAX_BENEFITS into a BINOMIAL_LATTICE_MODEL after analyzing
the GEOGRAPHICAL_POSITION and WEATHER_CONDITIONS of all REGIONAL_CAPITALS
of ITALY. the results show that the cities with high
irradiance/temperature have POSITIVE_NPV and HIGH_INVESTMENT_VALUES. on
the other hand, while most cities have NEGATIVE_NPV, the inclusion of the
FLEXIBILITY in INVESTMENT_DECISIONS gives ADDITIONAL_VALUE to the
project, making the ENPV positive and implying an
ATTRACTIVE_INVESTMENT_OPPORTUNITY with the possibility of delaying the
project. we also propose a SENSITIVITY_ANALYSIS that shows how the
REAL_OPTION_VALUE_CHANGES when INCENTIVE_POLICIES of the GOVERNMENT
become more attractive. this PAPER_CONTRIBUTES to the existing literature
in the way of considering FINANCIAL, meteorological/geographical, and
POLITICAL_FACTORS to VALUATE_PV_INVESTMENT.  2020 MDPI_AG. all rights
reserved.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

PRESENT_VALUES; MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY; NET_PRESENT_VALUE;
CASH_FLOW_ANALYSIS; BINOMIAL_DECISION_TREE; PROJECT_VALUES;
RISK_PERCEPTION; RISK_ASSESSMENT

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 23
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Delapedra-Silva V., 2022, PROCESS, V10
Title: methods for FINANCIAL_ASSESSMENT of RENEWABLE_ENERGY_PROJECTS: a review
Abstract:
```
the FINANCIAL_EVALUATION of RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES (res) projects is
well explored in the literature, but many DIFFERENT_METHODS have been
followed by DIFFERENT_AUTHORS. then, it is important to understand if and
how these methods have been changing and what factors may have driven
NEW_APPROACHES. therefore, this ARTICLE_AIMS to explore the publications
on the FINANCIAL_EVALUATION of RES_PROJECTS from 2011 to 2020 and to
present a CRITICAL_ANALYSIS of the reviewed literature. the methods for
evaluating RES_PROJECTS were grouped into four categories: (i)
TRADITIONAL_METRICS based on net PRESENT_VALUE, INTERNAL_RATE of return,
and PAYBACK_PERIOD; (ii) LEVELIZED_COST_OF_ELECTRICITY; (iii) return on
INVESTMENT_APPROACH; and (iv) REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS. a
QUANTITATIVE_ANALYSIS was carried out considering aspects related to the
relevance of the authors, productivity by country, and the most
RELEVANT_JOURNALS for each of these groups. then, a QUALITATIVE_ANALYSIS
of the MAIN_CHARACTERISTICS of the five most cited articles in each group
was conducted. the results show that the more TRADITIONAL_METHODS are
still widely used for the FINANCIAL_EVALUATION of RES_PROJECTS. however,
approaches based on the levelized COST and REAL_OPTIONS have been growing
in importance to tackle the COMPLEX_FEATURES of FINANCIAL_EVALUATION and
comparison of RES_PROJECTS.  2022 by the authors. LICENSEE_MDPI, basel,
switzerland.
```

--

Record-No: 35
Citations: 9
Record-ID: Li Y., 2018, ENERGIES, V11
Title: an EVALUATION of INVESTMENT in a PV_POWER_GENERATION_PROJECT in the
GOBI_DESERT using a REAL_OPTIONS_MODEL
Abstract:
```
this paper presents a POLICY_BENEFIT_MODEL of a PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV)
POWER_GENERATION_PROJECT based on REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS (ROA) and the
two_factor LEARNING_CURVE model. the MAIN_PURPOSE is to examine the
INVESTMENT_BEHAVIOR of developing a PV_PROJECT in the GOBI_DESERT
considering MULTIPLE_UNCERTAIN_FACTORS. we take the ENVIRONMENTAL_COST of
DESERTIFICATION_CONTROL into account for the first time in the
literature. four other UNCERTAIN_FACTORS are THERMAL_POWER_COST,
PV_POWER_GENERATION_COST, CARBON_PRICES, and GOVERNMENT_SUBSIDY. a
BINARY_TREE_METHOD is applied to solve the proposed model, and we obtain
both UNIT_DECISION_VALUE and OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_TIME. our
BASELINE_SCENARIO_ILLUSTRATES that ROA is more effective than net
PRESENT_VALUE (NPV) analysis when dealing with UNCERTAINTY. our
SIMULATION_RESULTS show that the GOVERNMENT could suffer a loss in
accordance with the existing SUBSIDY_POLICY when investing in a
PV_PROJECT. therefore, the SUBSIDY should be gradually reduced. finally,
the influence of the SUBSIDY_POLICY on DECISION_VALUE is discussed, and
an APPROPRIATE_SUBSIDY is determined accordingly.  2018 by the authors.
LICENSEE_MDPI, basel, switzerland.
```

--

Record-No: 17
Citations: 9
Record-ID: Biancardi M., 2021, CHAOS SOLITONS FRACTALS, V153
Title: r&D_INVESTMENT_DECISION on SMART_CITIES: ENERGY_SUSTAINABILITY and
opportunity
Abstract:
```
PUBLIC_ADMINISTRATIONS frequently tend to make communities as much
sustainable as possible pursuing SMART_CITY_GOALS.
SOLAR_ENERGY_INVESTMENTS represent a VALID_OPPORTUNITY to
SUPPORT_SMART_CITIES and consequently the
SUSTAINABLE_ECONOMIC_DEVELOPMENT. the VALUATION of these projects is not
a SIMPLE_TASK considering their SEQUENTIAL_NATURE and riskiness. this
ARTICLE proposes a compound REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH (ROA) as a tool for
POTENTIAL_INVESTORS to make a CONSCIOUS_R&d RENEWABLE_INVESTMENT_DECISION
on SMART_CITIES. in this sense, we fit the COMPOUND_ROA with the
framework of a TYPICAL_SMART_CITY_PROJECT in SOLAR_ENERGY_FIELD. we also
provide a CASE_STUDY to make a comparison between classical expected net
PRESENT_VALUE (ENPV) approach and COMPOUND_ROA. the results show that
ENPV_UNDERESTIMATES the PROJECT_VALUE, WHEREAS_COMPOUND_ROA allows to
obtain a more ATTRACTIVE_VALUATION of the project by embedding in the
analysis the MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY_VALUE.  2021 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 8
Citations: 9
Record-ID: Song S., 2017, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENVIRON SCI, V67
Title: SOLAR_PV leasing in SINGAPORE: enhancing return on INVESTMENTS with
options
Abstract:
```
RENEWABLE_ENERGY is getting more IMPORTANT_NOWADAYS as an alternative to
TRADITIONAL_ENERGIES. SOLAR_ENERGY, according to ENERGY_MARKET_AUTHORITY,
is the most viable in the context of SINGAPORE compared to other
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES due to land constraints. in light of the
increasing adoption of SOLAR_POWER in SINGAPORE, this PAPER_FOCUSES on
SOLAR_PV leasing using a CASE_STUDY. this PAPER_ASSESSES the prospect for
SOLAR_PV LEASING_COMPANIES in SINGAPORE through the lens of embedded
REAL_OPTIONS. the RECENT_NEWS that SOLAR_POWER is becoming the
CHEAPEST_FORM of NEW_ELECTRICITY presents the leasing company an option
to expand the scale of SOLAR_PV_SYSTEM. taking into account this option,
the net PRESENT_VALUE (NPV) of the INVESTMENT increased significantly
compared to the case without REAL_OPTIONS.
TECHNOLOGICAL_DEVELOPMENTS_RESULT in a continuously CHANGING_ENVIRONMENT
with uncertainties. thus, DECISION_MAKERS_NEED to be aware of the
INHERENT_RISK associated and IDENTIFY_OPTIONS to MAXIMIZE_NPV. this
UPSIDE_POTENTIAL is realized by exercising the MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY and
exploiting the UNCERTAINTY. the paper enables SOLAR_ENERGY_PLANNERS to
consider POSSIBLE_MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITIES under uncertainties, showing
how option thinking can be incorporated in the VALUATION of SOLAR_ENERGY.
published under licence by iop publishing ltd.
```

--

Record-No: 132
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Schmitz M., 2015, ENERGY PROCEDIA, V75, P704
Title: ECONOMIC_VIABILITY of KITE based WIND ENERGY_POWERSHIPS with CAES or
HYDROGEN_STORAGE
Abstract:
```
the rise in the usage of RENEWABLE_ENERGY_TECHNOLOGIES in RECENT_YEARS
has been remarkable. still, the growth of these TECHNOLOGIES_POSES
FORMIDABLE_PROBLEMS, mainly concerning the GRID_INTEGRATION of
INTERMITTENT_ENERGY_SOURCES, such as WIND and SOLAR_POWER, by means of
advanced STORAGE_SYSTEMS, as well as the LAND_USE_REQUIREMENTS implied by
these LOW_ENERGY_DENSITY_RESOURCES. furthermore, the ECONOMIC_VIABILITY
of these solutions is in question, which is why to date they are often
still heavily subsidized. the POWERSHIP_CONCEPT_ATTEMPTS to tackle some
of these shortcomings by harvesting WIND ENERGY_OFFSHORE using an
ALTERNATIVE_INFRASTRUCTURAL_APPROACH featuring a special_purpose ship
towed by a high_flying KITE. the ship's resulting KINETIC_ENERGY is
partially converted by a WATER_REPELLER and can either be used to
compress and STORE_AIR in STEEL_TUBES (alternative 1) or to drive a
generator which in TURN_DELIVERS ELECTRICAL_ENERGY to produce HYDROGEN
(alternative 2). in this study, the ECONOMIC_FEASIBILITY of each of the
two alternatives is investigated and compared with each other using
REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS, including both randd and MARKET_RISKS as
STOCHASTIC_VARIABLES driving the OPTION_VALUE. for determining the
STRATEGIC_VALUE of MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY under UNCERTAINTY, assumptions
about changes of the ECONOMIC_ENVIRONMENT are made and motivated.  2015
the authors. published by ELSEVIER_LTD.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

PRESENT_VALUES; MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY; NET_PRESENT_VALUE;
CASH_FLOW_ANALYSIS; BINOMIAL_DECISION_TREE; PROJECT_VALUES;
RISK_PERCEPTION; RISK_ASSESSMENT

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 60
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Ersen H.Y., 2018, ENG ECON, V29, P140
Title: INTUITIONISTIC_FUZZY REAL_OPTIONS_THEORY and its application to
SOLAR_ENERGY_INVESTMENT_PROJECTS
Abstract:
```
CONVENTIONAL_METHODS used in PROJECT_EVALUATION have a STATIC_NATURE,
which cause DECISION_MAKERS to examine INVESTMENT_PROJECTS within a
NARROW_SCOPE. as an alternative, real_options theory allows
DECISION_MAKERS to use the concepts of UNCERTAINTY and
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY, which CLASSICAL_METHODS do not deal with, in
valuing INVESTMENT_PROJECTS. carlsson and fullers fuzzy real_options
theory has been a solution for situations where CASH_FLOW and
COST_VARIABLES used in the model cannot be expressed by using
CLASSICAL_NUMBERS but by using FUZZY_NUMBERS. the idea of using
INTUITIONISTIC_FUZZY_NUMBERS in REAL_OPTIONS_THEORY can expand the
NARROW_SCOPE more effectively than the idea of using classical
real_options theory, thereby providing an opportunity to evaluate
INVESTMENT_PROJECTS from a wider perspective. in this study,
INTUITIONISTIC_FUZZY real_option VALUATION model has been developed and
applied to the EVALUATION of SOLAR_ENERGY_INVESTMENT_PROJECTS. studies
have shown that SOLAR_ENERGY_INVESTMENTS that do not seem profitable
today in turkey can perform profitably in the FUTURE. moreover, the
HISTORICAL_VOLATILITY_MODEL_DIFFERS from the expected VALUABLE_MODELS,
whereas the OPTIMUM_INVESTMENT_YEAR between the MODELS formed by the
UNCERTAINTY_INDUCTIONS from the expected
VALUES_EXHIBIT_MINIMAL_DIFFERENCE.  2018,
KAUNO_TECHNOLOGIJOS_UNIVERSITETAS. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 4
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Sisodia G.S., 2021, BR FOOD J, V123, P1560
Title: BUSINESS_VALUATION_STRATEGY for NEW_HYDROPONIC_FARM_DEVELOPMENT  a
proposal towards SUSTAINABLE_AGRICULTURE_DEVELOPMENT in united
ARAB_EMIRATES
Abstract:
```
purpose: this STUDY_AIMS to evaluate a HYDROPONIC_FARM (through
NUTRIENT_FILM_TECHNIQUE) while considering UNCERTAINTY, SUSTAINABILITY
and the system's utility in the DOMINANT_DESERT_GEOGRAPHY. the idea of
the HYDROPONIC_FARM is to allow individuals/businesses to grow plants.
given the GEOGRAPHICAL_CONDITION, the HYDROPONIC_SYSTEM may be useful in
the GULF_CONTEXT and may lead to FOOD_SECURITY and SUSTAINABILITY.
additionally, the UAE_GOVERNMENT has initiated several SUPPORT_SCHEMES
that can be availed for investing in SUCH_BUSINESSES that can contribute
to the nation's FOOD_SECURITY. DESIGN/methodology/approach: the
HYDROPONIC_FARM is evaluated using the net PRESENT_VALUE and
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH. the authors studied five scenarios: 1. business as
usual, 2. 50% SUBSIDY on INITIAL_INVESTMENT through khalifa FUNDING, 3.
4% premium, 4. SUBSIDY plus premium and 5. SOLAR_PANEL installation with
bore well. findings: as per the assumptions and DATA_USAGE, all the
SCENARIOS_SHOWS a POSITIVE_NET PRESENT_VALUE (NPV); nevertheless,
scenarios 4 and 5 report the significant highest net present and
DELAY_VALUE. RESEARCH limitations/implications: this study has
environmental, economic and SOCIAL_IMPLICATIONS. lower IMPORTS indirectly
lead to lower CARBON_FOOTPRINTS. the LOCAL_PRODUCTION of FOOD_ENSURES
higher EMPLOYABILITY in the sector and increase in LOCAL_CONSUMPTION.
additionally, FRESH_FOOD_CONSUMPTION is directly associated to
GOOD_HEALTH. PRACTICAL_IMPLICATIONS: SUPPORTIVE_POLICIES such as
subsidies through khalifa FUNDING may accelerate the expansion of
SUCH_PROJECTS through domestic and FOREIGN_INVESTMENTS. one of the
IMPORTANT_TAKEAWAY from the study is to invest in the training of the
WORKFORCE. SOCIAL_IMPLICATIONS: given the GEOGRAPHICAL_CONDITION, the uae
usually depends on FOOD_IMPORTS. if the HYDROPONIC_FARMS become popular,
the residents will have access to FRESH_VEGETABLES and fruits. higher
engagement in AGRICULTURE_ACTIVITIES also ensures a SIGNIFICANT_INCREASE
in agriculture_related businesses and higher EMPLOYABILITY.
originality/value: the study adds novelty to the literature because the
effect of khalifa FUNDING and INVESTMENT_ANALYSIS on SOLAR (wells) has
not been evaluated in any HYDROPONIC_STUDIES. we presented the results
with TORNADO_GRAPHS using NPV_RISK and REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH in the
GULF_CONTEXT. the study represents FUNCTIONAL_SCENARIOS that were
previously not found in the literature.  2020, emerald publishing
limited.
```

--

Record-No: 69
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Biancardi M., 2023, COMM NONLINEAR SCI NUMER SIMUL, V116
Title: FLEXIBILITY to SWITCH_PROJECT_SIZE: a REAL_OPTION_APPLICATION for
PHOTOVOLTAIC_INVESTMENT_VALUATION
Abstract:
```
SOLAR_ENERGY_PROJECTS_CONTRIBUTE to SMART_CITY_GOALS by reducing
pollution and assisting cities to become self_sustaining. however, these
projects, characterised by their SEQUENTIAL_NATURE, require a HUGE_AMOUNT
of IRREVERSIBLE_INVESTMENT, especially in the case of large_scale
PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECTS (mw). this aspect could make
SOLAR_PROJECTS_UNATTRACTIVE for POTENTIAL_INVESTORS. to mitigate the
RISKS of FINANCIAL_LOSSES the investor could invest in small_scale
SOLAR_PROJECTS and switch to large_scale INVESTMENT_PROJECTS only if the
MARKET_CONDITIONS are favourable. this PAPER_AIMS to embed this
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY of changing INVESTMENT_SIZE during the
PROJECT_LIFETIME into its VALUATION. to accomplish this, we use a
COMPOUND_OPTIONS_APPROACH with a switch and call OPTIONS_MODELS to
reliably price these projects by considering their riskiness and, their
stochastic and multi_stage nature. we also consider the determination of
the OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_TIME like an AMERICAN_OPTION. we also propose a
CASE_STUDY that shows that considering the MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY_VALUE
in the PROJECT_VALUATION makes them attractive and financially
profitable.  2022 elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 13
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Greenberg D., 2021, ELECTRONICS (SWITZERLAND), V10
Title: VALUATION of WIND ENERGY_TURBINES using VOLATILITY of WIND and price
Abstract:
```
the limitedness of the NONRENEWABLE_LOCAL_ENERGY_RESOURCES in israel,
even in the background of the later GAS_FIELDS_FINDINGS, continues to
force the state to devote VARIOUS_EFFORTS towards
GREEN_ENERGY_DEVELOPMENT. these efforts include installations, both for
the SOLAR and for WIND_ENERGY, thus improving the diversity of
ENERGY_SOURCES. while the standard discounted CASH_FLOW (dcf) method
using the net PRESENT_VALUE (NPV) criterion is extensively adopted to
evaluate INVESTMENTS, the STANDARD_DCF_METHOD is inappropriate for the
rapidly changing INVESTMENT_CLIMATE and for the MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY in
INVESTMENT_DECISIONS. in RECENT_YEARS, the REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS (ROA)
technique has been widely applied in many studies for the VALUATION of
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INVESTMENT_PROJECTS. taking into account the
ABOVE_BACKGROUND, we apply, in this study, the
REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS_APPROACH for the VALUATION of WIND ENERGY_TURBINES
and apply it to the analysis of WIND_ENERGY ECONOMIC_POTENTIAL in israel,
which is the context of our work. we hypothesize that due to nature of
WIND ENERGY_PRODUCTION_UNCERTAINTIES, the ROA_METHOD is better than the
alternative. the novelty of this paper includes the following: REAL_WORLD
WIND statistics of the MEROM_GOLAN_SITE in israel (velocity 3.73 m/s,
with a STANDARD_DEVIATION of 2.03 m/s), a
REALISTIC_POWER_GENERATION_ESTIMATION (POWER_GENERATION of 1205.84 kw
with a STANDARD_DEVIATION of about 0.5% in ANNUAL_VALUE which is worth
about 1.3 m$ per annum), and an ECONOMIC_MODEL to evaluate the
PROFITABILITY of such a project. we thus discuss the existing challenges
of diversifying RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES in israel by adding WIND
installations. our motivation is to introduce a method which will allow
investors and officials to take into ACCOUNT_UNCERTAINTIES when deciding
in investing in SUCH_WIND_INSTALLATIONS. the outcomes of the paper, which
are obtained using the method of WEIBULL_STATISTICS and the
BLACKSCHOLES_ROA_TECHNIQUE, include the result that
MARKET_PRICE_VOLATILITY adds to the uncertainties much more than any WIND
fluctuations, provided that the analysis is integrated over a long enough
time.  2021 by the authors. LICENSEE_MDPI, basel, switzerland.
```

--

Record-No: 11
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Elahi F.N., 2018, IND ENG MANAG SYST, V17, P769
Title: INVESTMENT_DECISION_MAKING under UNCERTAINTY using REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH:
a CASE_STUDY in SOLAR_POWER_PLANTS of iran
Abstract:
```
nowadays, classic discounted CASH_FLOW (dcf) approach is mostly used in
order to evaluate VARIOUS_TYPES of projects. since projects in all around
the world are confronting with DIFFERENT_BARRIERS, such as HIGH_RISK,
VARIOUS_KINDS of UNCERTAINTY, the aforesaid CLASSIC_APPROACH cannot
correctly determine the value of projects. therefore, proposing practical
and EFFICIENT_APPROACHES in EVALUATION of project in
UNCERTAIN_ENVIRONMENT has drawn the attention of researchers in
RECENT_YEARS. in this study, an EFFICIENT_APPROACH for valuing of
SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_PLANTS in iran with REAL_OPTIONS is proposed and
compared with the CLASSIC_DCF_APPROACH. in order to evaluate the assumed
REAL_OPTIONS, the BINOMIAL_TREE_METHOD is implemented. eventually,
TAGUCHI_DESIGN_EXPERIMENT is used to analyze the performance of
BINOMIAL_TREE and figure out how REAL_OPTIONS_PARAMETERS_EFFECT on the
value of project. the obtained results show that considering
abovementioned REAL_OPTIONS increases the value of project comparing to
the case with no REAL_OPTIONS (i.e. DCF_APPROACH). moreover, the ranking
of EFFECTIVE_FACTORS, PARTICIPATIONS_PERCENTAGE of each factors on
response variable, and OPTIMAL_COMBINATION of them are determined.  2018
kiie.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

PRESENT_VALUES; MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY; NET_PRESENT_VALUE;
CASH_FLOW_ANALYSIS; BINOMIAL_DECISION_TREE; PROJECT_VALUES;
RISK_PERCEPTION; RISK_ASSESSMENT

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 140
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Sa≈Çuga P.W., 2016, GOSPODARKA SUROWCAMI MINERAL MINERAL RES MANAGE, V32,
P25
Title: HARD_COAL_PROJECT_VALUATION based on REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH:
multiplicative vs. ARITHMETIC_STOCHASTIC_PROCESS;
Abstract:
```
PRECISE_VALUATION of the ECONOMIC_EFFICIENCY of RISKY_INVESTMENT_PROJECTS
in the MINERAL_SECTOR has a DIRECT_IMPACT on the range of
FUTURE_INVESTMENTS. since the mid_90s, a number of enterprises have also
been giving increased attention to the VALUATION of
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY that cannot normally be estimated with classical
discounted CASH_FLOW (dcf) analysis. this has been the result of a
development in the REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS (ROA) and the simplification of
its ALGORITHMS, most of which have been achieved through:  incorporating
LATTICE_MODELS,  introducing a single UNCERTAIN_PROJECT_PARAMETER
(GROSS_PRESENT_VALUE, PV) as an underlying instrument,  assuming that the
underlying asset follows the MULTIPLICATIVE_STOCHASTIC_PROCESS,
introducing the marketed ASSET_DISCLAIMER (mad) assumption.
unfortunately, in most cases, MODELS constructed on the abovementioned
assumptions and modifications are not consistent with REAL_PROJECTS. some
analysts recognize that PROJECT_PVS might not follow the
MULTIPLICATIVE_PROCESS, which could have a DIRECT_IMPACT on the
PROJECTS_VALUE. in order to improve the MAD_APPROACH, the paper proposes
a modified model where the MULTIPLICATIVE_TREE is replaced with an
additive one. in addition, methods of ADDITIVE_VOLATILITY_CALCULATION and
DIVIDEND_ADJUSTMENTS were suggested.  2016, POLSKA_AKADEMIA_NAUK. all
rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 126
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Sa≈Çuga P.W., 2015, GOSPODARKA SUROWCAMI MINERAL MINERAL RES MANAGE, V31,
P31
Title: VALUATION of MINERAL_PROJECT with FLEXIBILITY MAD_APPROACH vs.
CONSECUTIVE_STOCHASTIC_TREE;
Abstract:
```
for many YEARS, REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS (ROA) has been perceived as an
ATTRACTIVE_PROJECT_VALUATION alternative to the traditional discounted
CASH_FLOW_ANALYSIS (dcf). right now, one can see evidence of a growing
dispersion in the applicability of the method among VARIOUS_INDUSTRIES
(particularly MINERALS, COAL, gas and petroleum) and the banking sector.
this is because of its potential to VALUE_MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY
including possibilities for delaying INVESTMENTS or reformulating the
operating strategies of the company. the REAL_OPTION_APPROACH enables one
to calculate a projects FUNDAMENTAL_VALUE in approximating the MARKET
one. the basis of OPTION_THEORY is STOCHASTIC_MODELING of underlying
ASSETS _ the preferred, commonly used ROA_METHODOLOGY, introduced by
copeland and antikarov (2001), is called the mad (marketed
ASSET_DISCLAIMER) approach. it assumes that an underlying asset, which is
the (gross) PRESENT_VALUE of the project (PV), changes with time
according to the MULTIPLICATIVE_STOCHASTIC_PROCESS derived as
DISCRETE_BINOMIAL_APPROXIMATION of GEOMETRIC_BROWNIAN_MOTION (gbm). in
addition, the MAD_ASSUMES, that a TWIN_ASSET of the underlying instrument
is calculated in a COMMON_WAY_NET PRESENT_VALUE (NPV). the twin_asset
assumption fulfills the THEORETICAL_CRITERIA required for
FAIR_OPTION_VALUATION in no_arbitrage conditions. the
PAPER_DELIVERS_EMPIRICAL_ARGUMENTS arguing that indirect MODELING of pvs,
according to the STANDARD_STOCHASTIC_PROCESS, do not properly
REFLECT_REALITY. the calculations were based on the VALUATION of a
HARD_COAL_PROJECT with FLEXIBILITY _ the methodology has included
MULTIPLICATIVE_PRICE MODELING (that parameter has served as so called
REFERENTIAL_ASSET) and, consequently, built a CONSECUTIVE_PVS_TREE, where
RESPECTIVE_PRESENT_VALUES have been adjusted by REFERENTIAL_PRICE_LEVELS.
moreover, the paper has emphasized that the option_to_wait changes the
structure of PROJECTS_CASH_FLOW and PV_TREES, depending on the waiting
period. in conclusion, the arguments have been derived from the
consecutive MODELING of a PV_ASSET is more accurate than indirect
constructing of it in the MADS_MULTIPLICATIVE_MODE.  2015,
POLSKA_AKADEMIA_NAUK. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 5
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Rocha Q.S., 2023, SUSTAINABILITY, V15
Title: PHOTOVOLTAIC_SOLAR_ENERGY in FOREST_NURSERIES: a STRATEGIC_DECISION based
on REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS
Abstract:
```
with the growing demand for INVESTMENT_PROJECTS in RENEWABLE_ENERGY, it
is essential for the ECONOMIC_FEASIBILITY_ANALYSIS to consider the
INHERENT_UNCERTAINTIES of these projects and enable more
ACCURATE_INVESTMENT_DECISIONS. in this way, we analyze whether
INVESTMENT_PROJECTS in PHOTOVOLTAIC_PANELS to produce ELECTRICAL_ENERGY
in a FOREST_NURSERY are economically viable through the analysis of
REAL_OPTIONS. we consider the ENERGY_DEMAND of a FOREST_NURSERY with an
INITIAL_INVESTMENT of usd 90,417 in PHOTOVOLTAIC_PANELS. the
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITIES of deferral, expansion of 30.0% of the
ENERGY_PRODUCTION_CAPACITY, and the PROJECTS_ABANDONMENT were inserted
into the BINOMIAL_MODEL of the DECISION_TREE, built in DISCRETE_TIME. the
projects expanded net PRESENT_VALUE was 79.2% higher than the
TRADITIONAL_NET PRESENT_VALUE, capturing the value of flexibilities for
MANAGERS. the DEFERRAL_OPTION was the one that most impacted the expanded
net PRESENT_VALUE. INVESTMENT_PROJECTS in PHOTOVOLTAIC_PANELS to produce
ELECTRICITY in a FOREST_NURSERY are economically viable when analyzed
through REAL_OPTIONS.  2023 by the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 86
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Na S., 2022, SUSTAINABILITY, V14
Title: REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS for land and WATER_SOLAR_DEPLOYMENT in IDLE_AREAS
of AGRICULTURAL_DAM: a CASE_STUDY of SOUTH_KOREA
Abstract:
```
this study presents a real optionsbased framework for INVESTMENT in land
and WATER_SOLAR_POWER_PROJECTS in the IDLE_AREAS of AGRICULTURAL_DAMS.
the following FOURSTEP_FRAMEWORK was verified through a CASE_STUDY
conducted in SOUTH_KOREA: (1) select the location and size of the
project; (2) define uncertainties in the PROJECT_DATA (CONSTRUCTION_COST,
o&M_COST, SUNSHINE_HOURS, and MECHANICAL_EFFICIENCY) and MARKET_DATA
(inflation, DISCOUNT_RATE, RISKFREE_INTEREST_RATE, and ELECTRICITY
selling price); (3) ESTIMATE_CASH_FLOW and PROJECT_VOLATILITY to
calculate the OPTION_VALUE using a BINOMIAL_TREE_MODEL; and (4) make
decisions regarding PROJECT_INVESTMENT. a CASE_STUDY was conducted for
the naju AGRICULTURAL_DAM (nad) project, which has a net PRESENT_VALUE of
6.67 million usd, but will have a profit of 38.17 million usd after an
ABANDONMENT_OPTION is applied using the proposed framework. our
contributions provide a framework for evaluating the ECONOMIC_FEASIBILITY
of installing SOLAR_PROJECTS in IDLE_AREAS of AGRICULTURAL_DAMS and for
improving the PROFITABILITY of SOLAR_PROJECTS using the
ABANDONMENT_OPTION. the proposed framework can assist investors in
planning SOLAR_PROJECTS in IDLE_AREAS of AGRICULTURAL_DAMS.  2022 by the
authors. LICENSEE_MDPI, basel, switzerland.
```

--

Record-No: 68
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Saldarriaga-Loaiza J.D., 2022, SUSTAINABILITY, V14
Title: optimal structuring of INVESTMENTS in ELECTRICITY_GENERATION_PROJECTS in
COLOMBIA with non conventional ENERGY_SOURCES
Abstract:
```
taking FULL_ADVANTAGE of fiscal and ECONOMIC_INCENTIVES has become a
COMPLEX_PROCESS for investors, who must find the RIGHT_PORTFOLIO or
CAPITAL_STRUCTURE to obtain viable and COMPETITIVE_GENERATION_PROJECTS.
in this context, this paper proposes a methodology for the optimal
structuring of INVESTMENTS in non_conventional ENERGY_SOURCES (ncres)
considering fiscal and ECONOMIC_INCENTIVES. three methods were evaluated:
(1) LEVELIZED_COST_OF_ELECTRICITY (lcoe) combined with three
METAHEURISTIC_TECHNIQUES; (2) discounted CASH_FLOW (dcf) with
MONTE_CARLO_SIMULATION and value at RISK (var); and (3) REAL_OPTIONS with
black and scholes. the proposed approach presents as the
MAIN_FINANCIAL_INDICATOR the GENERATION_COST (gc), as well as three other
FINANCIAL_INDICATORS, namely: net PRESENT_VALUE (NPV), value at RISK
(var) and net PRESENT_VALUE for REAL_OPTIONS (NPV (formula presented.)).
the propose approach allows for defining DIFFERENT_INVESTMENT_PORTFOLIOS
from where an investor can choose; each of which minimizes the gc.
furthermore, the methodology can be adapted to countries with
DIFFERENT_POLICIES and FISCAL_INCENTIVES for the development of
NCRES_PROJECTS. the results show that for each metaheuristic, an
OPTIMAL_CAPITAL_STRUCTURE that MINIMIZES_GC is obtained; in this way, a
gc of 0.032 (usd/kwh) is achieved for SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC_TECHNOLOGY, with
a reduction of 49.2%, when TAX_INCENTIVES are considered.  2022 by the
authors.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

PRESENT_VALUES; MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY; NET_PRESENT_VALUE;
CASH_FLOW_ANALYSIS; BINOMIAL_DECISION_TREE; PROJECT_VALUES;
RISK_PERCEPTION; RISK_ASSESSMENT

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 96
Citations: 1
Record-ID: D‚ÄôAlpaos C., 2020, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V12250 LNCS, P148
Title: the value of investing in DOMESTIC_ENERGY_STORAGE_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
in this paper, we investigate whether INVESTMENTS in
BATTERY_STORAGE_SYSTEMS, coupled with existing PV_PLANTS, are profitable
in the phasing out of incentives. in detail, we analyze the
INVESTMENT_DECISION of a HOUSEHOLD, who has already invested in a
PV_PLANT and has to decide whether and when to invest in the adoption of
BATTERY_STORAGE_SYSTEMS (bss). we provide a REAL_OPTION_MODEL to
determine the value of the opportunity to invest and its OPTIMAL_TIMING.
the existing PV_PLANT gives the HOUSEHOLD the opportunity to invest in
BSS_ADOPTION, and this opportunity is analogous to a CALL_OPTION. our
findings show that NEGATIVE_NPV_INVESTMENTS may turn to be profitable if
the HOUSEHOLD optimally exercises the option to defer. the greater the
VOLATILITY of ENERGY_PRICES, the greater the OPTION_VALUE to defer, and
the greater the OPPORTUNITY_COST of waiting (i.e., the greater the
ENERGY_PRICES_DRIFT), the smaller the OPTION_VALUE to defer.  2020,
SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 59
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Al-Obaidli H., 2023, ENERGIES, V16
Title: multidimensional RISK based REAL_OPTIONS_VALUATION for low CARBON
COGENERATION pathways
Abstract:
```
ENERGY_PRICE_FLUCTUATIONS_POSE a SIGNIFICANT_RISK and UNCERTAINTY to
FINANCIAL_INVESTMENTS for NEW_DEVELOPMENTS in CONVENTIONAL_POWER and
FRESHWATER_COGENERATION_FACILITIES. this STUDY_ATTEMPTS to address the
problem of making ROBUST_VALUATION for low_carbon ENERGY project
INVESTMENTS subject to multi_dimensional PRICE_RISK, particularly looking
at some KEY_RESEARCH_QUESTIONS: (a) how does the CORRELATION_STRUCTURE,
or independence, between the PRICE_RISKS affect the PROJECT_VALUE; and
(b) does adding FLEXIBILITY in INVESTMENT_ENHANCE or worsen the
PROJECT_VALUATION, given (a). this study identified three PRICE_FACTORS
with SIGNIFICANT_FLUCTUATIONS that impact CONVENTIONAL_POWER_GENERATION,
namely: WHOLESALE_ELECTRICITY_SPOT_PRICE, NATURAL_GAS_SPOT_PRICE, and
CO2_MARKET_PRICE. the PRICE_FACTORS were used to construct a
MULTIDIMENSIONAL_RISK_MODEL and evaluate INVESTMENT_DECISIONS for
COGENERATION_PROJECT_EXPANSION in the FUTURE based on a low_carbon
ENERGY_MIX. to this end, five COGENERATION_CONFIGURATIONS using
combined_cycle gas turbine (ccgt) integrated with SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAICS
(PV) and CARBON_CAPTURE_AND_STORAGE (ccs) technologies were assessed. a
combined PRICE_RISK was initially estimated by transforming the given
PRICE_FACTORS representing MAXIMUM_COVARIANCE using
PRINCIPAL_COMPONENT_ANALYSIS (pca). the trend and volatilities in the
MAJOR_PRINCIPAL_COMPONENT_SCORES (the combined PRICE_RISK_INDICATOR) were
modelled using the GEOMETRIC_BROWNIAN_MOTION_STOCHASTIC_PROCESS, whose
parameters were determined and then used to perform time_series
SIMULATION and generate MULTIPLE_REALISATIONS of the PRINCIPAL_COMPONENT.
a BACK_TRANSFORMATION was then applied to obtain the simulated values
representing FUTURE_UNCERTAINTIES in the PRICE_FACTORS. the effect of
PRICE_RISK and uncertainties were subsequently evaluated using a
recombining BINOMIAL_LATTICE_MODEL for REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS (ROA). there
were FINANCIAL_GAINS when PV was mixed with conventional natural
gas_fired TECHNOLOGY. INVESTMENT in COGENERATION_CONFIGURATIONS with (a)
25% PV share provided a 53% gain in the extended net PRESENT_VALUE
(ENPV); and (b) 50% PV share provided a 124% ENPV gain when compared to
the BASELINE_COGENERATION_SYSTEM with no PV_SHARES. the analyses
demonstrate that PV_TECHNOLOGY is a better hedging option than ccs
against FUTURE_MARKET_UNCERTAINTY and PRICE_VOLATILITY.  2023 by the
authors.
```

--

Record-No: 21
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Leite M.A.H., 2022, J BRAZ SOC MECH SCI ENG, V44
Title: INVESTMENT_DECISION of PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECTS based on stochastic
modelling of SOLAR_IRRADIATION and SHORTFALL_PENALTIES_FORESEEN in
CENTRALIZED_GENERATION auctions contracts
Abstract:
```
in the last decade, PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) ENERGY has grown within the
BRAZILIAN_ELECTRICITY_MATRIX and still presents a promising decarbonized
alternative. thus, the assessment of the viability of INVESTMENT in
PV_PROJECTS in a DYNAMIC_MARKET and REGULATION_FRAMEWORK is necessary.
the STANDARD_APPROACHES to INVESTMENT_DECISION taking: net PRESENT_VALUE
(NPV) of forecasted discounted cash flows (dcf) consider both the return
and RISK of the project. nonetheless, these approaches do not consider
several uncertainties that may CONSTITUTE_RISK_FACTORS, such as the
variability of SOLAR_IRRADIATION and the PENALTY_RULES imposed by the
regulator. in this paper, MONTHLY_DAILY_MEASUREMENTS of the
SOLAR_RESOURCE were collected over five YEARS in the BRAZILIAN_STATE of
rio de janeiro. using this database, the STATISTICAL_DISTRIBUTION that
best fits the variability of irradiance is determined. a centralized
PV_SOLAR_ENERGY_PROJECT is simulated under the TYPICAL_CHARACTERISTICS of
auctions held since 2014 by the brazilian NATIONAL_AGENCY of
ELECTRIC_ENERGY (aneel). MONTE_CARLO_METHOD is applied on the
IRRADIATION_DATA and the RISK of the FINANCIAL_RETURN falling below a
specified value is calculated, using a REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH to estimate
the effect of ENERGY_OUTPUT_SHORTFALL. to the best of our knowledge, this
is the first work contemplating FINANCIAL_RISK_QUANTIFICATION of
centralized_generation auctions contracts using such an approach, which
MIXES_MONTE_CARLO_SIMULATION, expected shortfall and REAL_OPTIONS. it
demonstrates how important it can be to CAPITAL_INVESTORS to correctly
value the COMPOUND_EFFECT of IRRADIATION_VARIABILITY coupled with
REGULATORY_RULES, and the FINANCIAL_RISK_EFFECT these issues might have
on the PROJECT_VALUE of centralized_generation projects. it can be
clearly seen that the CORRESPONDING_NPV of the project is significantly
reduced from almost 8 million r$ to less than 2 million r$, with capping
RULES_PENALTIES, and to less than 0.6 million r$ in the case of
OUTPUT_SHORTFALL. but more important is the RISK arising from
non_compliance, or shortfall, with the guaranty contracted in the
auction. this penalty can cause up to 30% RISK of a NEGATIVE_NPV, or
almost 0.36 million r$ expected shortfall or cvar, compared to no RISK or
very SMALL_LOSS_RISK when without the effect of CONTRACT_PENALTIES.
2022, the author(s), under EXCLUSIVE_LICENCE to the BRAZILIAN_SOCIETY of
MECHANICAL_SCIENCES and ENGINEERING.
```

--

Record-No: 31
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Haikal-Leite M.A., 2021, IEEE INT CONF RENEW ENERGY POWER ENG REPE, P366
Title: STOCHASTIC_MODELING of IRRADIATION, applied to INVESTMENT_DECISION in a
PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECT_SUBJECT to REGULATORY_SHORTFALL_PENALTY_RULES
Abstract:
```
PHOTOVOLTAIC_ENERGY_GENERATION has expanded its participation in BRAZIL
and presents itself as a PROMISING_ALTERNATIVE as a way of meeting
FUTURE_DEMAND. the STANDARD_APPROACHES to INVESTMENT_DECISION taking are
the so_called net PRESENT_VALUE (NPV) of cash flows forecasted over a
TIME_HORIZON, and discounted at a risk_adjusted rate (dcf). although this
APPROACH_CONSIDERS both the expected return and the RISK of the analyzed
project, it overlooks several uncertainties involved that may
CONSTITUTE_RISK_FACTORS for the project. one of these is the variability
of SOLAR_IRRADIATION over the YEARS as well as the PENALTY_RULES imposed
by the REGULATORY_AGENCY. in this paper, MONTHLY_AVERAGE daily
measurements of the SOLAR_RESOURCE were taken at a given location over
five YEARS. the STATISTICAL_DISTRIBUTION that best fit the variability of
irradiance over this period is determined, and MONTHLY_AVERAGES and
STANDARD_DEVIATIONS of IRRADIATION are calculated. a
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SOLAR_ENERGY_PROJECT is simulated as participating in an
auction organized by the brazilian NATIONAL_AGENCY of ELECTRIC_ENERGY
(aneel) with TYPICAL_CHARACTERISTICS of auctions held since 2014 to the
PRESENT_DATE for this GENERATION_SOURCE, with ENERGY destined to the
regulated contracting environment. MONTE_CARLO_METHOD is applied on the
IRRADIATION of the model, based on the determined
STATISTICAL_DISTRIBUTION, and the RISK of the FINANCIAL_RETURN falling
below a specified value is calculated, using a REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH to
estimate the effect of ENERGY_OUTPUT_SHORTFALL.   2021 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 14
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Gomes A.L.C., 2017, FRONT, V6, P83
Title: ECONOMIC_EVALUATION of a PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEM for SELF_CONSUMPTION;
Abstract:
```
scarcity of NATURAL_RESOURCES, the rising of ENERGY_NEEDS,
RECENT_LEGISLATIVE_INCENTIVES and a growing concern about
ENVIRONMENTAL_ISSUES have triggered an increasing demand for
ALTERNATIVE_SOURCES of ENERGY. this study intends to analyze the
ECONOMIC_VIABILITY of a PHOTOVOLTAIC (vf) system of
ELECTRICITY_PRODUCTION for SELF_CONSUMPTION, at the POLYTECHNIC_CAMPUS of
viseu. the EVALUATION was based on the creation of 3 scenarios for the
power of the PV_SYSTEM, and TRADITIONAL_METRICS (net PRESENT_VALUE and
payback) were used. the EVALUATION was complemented with
REAL_OPTIONS_TECHNIQUES (DECISION_TREES) that allow to
INCORPORATE_SOURCES of UNCERTAINTY and OPERATIONAL_FLEXIBILITY. overall,
the INVESTMENT_REVEALS ECONOMIC_INTEREST and payback is inversely
proportional to the value of the tariff supported in the acquisition of
power to the grid.
```


