You are an automated scientific writer assistant. Use only the
information provided in the following records to write one paragraph
explaining and exemplifying the relationships among the following
keywords:

UNCERTAINTY; ENERGY_POLICY; CARBON_EMISSIONS; CARBON; CARBON_PRICES;
COST_BENEFIT_ANALYSIS; POWER_PLANTS

Use the Record-No value between brackets to indicate the reference to the
record. For example, [1] means that the information is in the Record-No
1. Use notes below of the generated text to justify the affirmation. Use
only phrases appearing in the provided text.

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 125
Citations: 129
Record-ID: Zhang M.M., 2016, ENERGY ECON, V59, P213
Title: a REAL_OPTIONS_MODEL for RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INVESTMENT with application to
SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_GENERATION in CHINA
Abstract:
```
this paper proposes a REAL_OPTIONS_MODEL for evaluating
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INVESTMENT by considering UNCERTAIN_FACTORS such as
CO2_PRICE, non_renewable ENERGY COST, INVESTMENT_COST and MARKET_PRICE of
ELECTRICITY. a phase_out mechanism is built into the model to reflect the
long_term changes of SUBSIDY_POLICY. we apply the proposed model to
empirically evaluate the INVESTMENT_VALUE and OPTIMAL_TIMING for
SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_GENERATION in CHINA. our EMPIRICAL_RESULTS show
that the CURRENT_INVESTMENT_ENVIRONMENT in CHINA may not be able to
attract IMMEDIATE_INVESTMENT, while the development of CARBON_MARKET
helps advance the OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_TIME. a SENSITIVITY_ANALYSIS is
conducted to investigate the dynamics of INVESTMENT_VALUE and
OPTIMAL_TIMING under the changes of unit generating capacity,
SUBSIDY_LEVEL, MARKET_PRICE of ELECTRICITY, CO2_PRICE and
INVESTMENT_COST. it is found that the HIGH_INVESTMENT_COST and the
VOLATILITY of ELECTRICITY and CO2_PRICES, are not conducive to attract
IMMEDIATE_INVESTMENT. instead, increasing the level of SUBSIDY, promoting
TECHNOLOGICAL_PROGRESS and maintaining the stability of MARKET are useful
to STIMULATE_INVESTMENT.  2016 elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 105
Citations: 85
Record-ID: Zhang M.M., 2016, ENERGY POLICY, V97, P181
Title: optimal FEED_IN_TARIFF for SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_GENERATION in CHINA:
a REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS
Abstract:
```
the feed_in tariff policy is widely used to promote the development of
RENEWABLE_ENERGY. CHINA also adopts feed_in tariff policy to attract
greater INVESTMENT in SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_GENERATION. this study
employs REAL_OPTIONS_METHOD to assess the OPTIMAL_LEVELS of feed_in
tariffs in 30 provinces of CHINA. the uncertainties in CO2_PRICE and
INVESTMENT_COST are considered. a method that integrates the backward
DYNAMIC_PROGRAMMING ALGORITHM and least_squares MONTE_CARLO_METHOD is
used to solve the model. the results demonstrate that the feed_in tariffs
of 30 PROVINCES_RANGE from 0.68 rmb/kwh to 1.71 rmb/kwh, and the
AVERAGE_LEVEL is 1.01 rmb/kwh. on this basis, we find that the levels of
sub_regional feed_in tariff announced in 2013 are no longer appropriate
and should be adjusted as soon as possible. we have also identified the
implications of TECHNOLOGICAL_PROGRESS and CARBON_EMISSION trading
schemes, as well as the importance of strengthening
ELECTRICITY_TRANSMISSION. it has been suggested that the
CHINESE_GOVERNMENT takes DIVERSE_MEASURES, including increasing RESEARCH
and DEVELOPMENT_INVESTMENT, establishing and improving a
NATIONWIDE_CARBON_EMISSION trading scheme and accelerating the
construction of electricity_transmission infrastructure, to reduce the
required feed_in tariff and promote the development of
SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_GENERATION.  2016 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 72
Citations: 71
Record-ID: Zhang M.M., 2019, APPL ENERGY, V240, P1049
Title: evaluating UNCERTAIN_INVESTMENT_DECISIONS in LOW_CARBON_TRANSITION toward
RENEWABLE_ENERGY
Abstract:
```
this paper proposed a model for solving the
INVESTMENT_DECISIONS_AMIDST_UNCERTAINTY in the low_carbon transition
toward RENEWABLE_ENERGY. the REAL_OPTION_METHOD is used and numerous
influencing factors are considered, including the MARKET_PRICE of
ELECTRICITY, FOSSIL_FUEL_COST, CARBON_DIOXIDE_PRICE, INVESTMENT_COST and
long_term changes of feed_in tariff policy associated with
RENEWABLE_ENERGY. the INVESTMENT_DECISIONS related to the transition from
a coal_fired POWER_PLANT to a SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_PLANT in CHINA
have been analyzed in detail. the results indicate the
OPTIMAL_TRANSITION_INVESTMENT_STRATEGY and elucidate the effects of
MULTIPLE_FACTORS on the INVESTMENT_STRATEGY. this provides a
CLEAR_SUGGESTION for both the GOVERNMENT and investor how to
scientifically ADDRESS_UNCERTAINTY and make OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_DECISION
to accelerate the low_carbon transition.  2019 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 27
Citations: 62
Record-ID: Zhang M.M., 2017, RENEWABLE SUSTAINABLE ENERGY REV, V71, P873
Title: OPTIMAL_DESIGN of SUBSIDY to stimulate RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INVESTMENTS: the
case of CHINA
Abstract:
```
this paper proposes a REAL_OPTIONS_MODEL for estimating the
OPTIMAL_SUBSIDY for RENEWABLE_ENERGY_POWER_GENERATION_PROJECT by using
STOCHASTIC_PROCESS to describe the MARKET_PRICE of ELECTRICITY, co2price
and INVESTMENT_COST. two indicators, i.e., PROJECT_VALUE and
THRESHOLD_VALUE, are used to derive the OPTIMAL_SUBSIDY. the least
SQUARES_MONTE_CARLO_SIMULATION_METHOD is used to solve the model. the
proposed model is used to empirically evaluate the OPTIMAL_LEVEL of
SUBSIDY for SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_GENERATION in CHINA. the results
show that CARBON_EMISSION trading scheme helps reduce SUBSIDY. unit
generating capacity, MARKET_PRICE of ELECTRICITY, co2price and the
VOLATILITY of INVESTMENT_COST are negatively related with SUBSIDY,
WHEREAS_INVESTMENT_COST and the VOLATILITY of ELECTRICITY_PRICE and
co2price are positively related with SUBSIDY. it is suggested that
CHINESE_GOVERNMENTS take some measures, e.g., promoting
TECHNOLOGICAL_PROGRESS, establishing a NATIONWIDE_CARBON_EMISSION trading
MARKET, promoting the COMPETITION in RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INDUSTRY as well as
maintaining the stability of co2price and ELECTRICITY_PRICE, to reduce
the required SUBSIDY.  2016 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 64
Citations: 46
Record-ID: Fan J.-L., 2019, RENEWABLE SUSTAINABLE ENERGY REV, V115
Title: BENEFIT_EVALUATION of INVESTMENT in CCS_RETROFITTING of COAL fired
POWER_PLANTS and PV_POWER_PLANTS in CHINA based on REAL_OPTIONS
Abstract:
```
coal_fired POWER_PLAYS an IMPORTANT_ROLE in CHINA's power supply, even
though the PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) power has developed rapidly in RECENT_YEARS.
CARBON_CAPTURE_AND_STORAGE (ccs) TECHNOLOGY is essential for achieving
anticipated long_term CLIMATE_CHANGE MITIGATION_TARGETS. however, CHINA's
GOVERNMENT_SUBSIDY policies tend to SUPPORT_PV, while incentives for ccs
are few. given this situation, a TRINOMIAL_TREE modeling_based
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH was developed to evaluate
CCS_RETROFITTING_INVESTMENT in coal_fired
POWER_PLANTS_VERSUS_PV_POWER_INVESTMENT. this model includes setting
DIFFERENT_POLICY_SCENARIOS by considering ELECTRICITY_TARIFF_SUBSIDIES
and CHINESE_EMISSION trading scheme (cn_ets). the results showed that
coal_fired power with ccs has a COST_ADVANTAGE over PV_POWER in most
provinces in CHINA, if the ELECTRICITY_TARIFF and other SUBSIDY_POLICIES
remain the same; however, PV_POWER will be cheaper than coal_fired power
with ccs in yunnan, tianjin, hebei, shanghai and SHANXI_PROVINCES in the
ABOVE_CASES. incorporating ccs into cn_ets could cut the
former'S_APPLICATION_COST, but the INCENTIVE_EFFECT of cn_ets is not
obvious, because the CARBON_PRICE in CHINA is currently too cheap, and
the INCENTIVE_EFFECT of a POWER_TARIFF_SUBSIDY (SUBSIDY at the
PV_POWER_TARIFF_LEVEL) is much better for PV than for cn_ets. increasing
the LOAD_FACTOR is an IMPORTANT_WAY to reduce the CCS_APPLICATION_COST
for POWER_PLANTS. the results of this study provide reference and
guidance for the COLLABORATIVE_DEVELOPMENT of ccs and PV.  2019
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

UNCERTAINTY; ENERGY_POLICY; CARBON_EMISSIONS; CARBON; CARBON_PRICES;
COST_BENEFIT_ANALYSIS; POWER_PLANTS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 33
Citations: 35
Record-ID: Gazheli A., 2018, RENEWABLE SUSTAINABLE ENERGY REV, V82, P2693
Title: REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS of INVESTMENT in SOLAR vs. WIND_ENERGY:
DIVERSIFICATION_STRATEGIES under UNCERTAIN_PRICES and COSTS
Abstract:
```
in this paper we study a community or firm considering to diversify its
INVESTMENT in two distinct RENEWABLE_ENERGY_TECHNOLOGIES, namely WIND and
SOLAR_PV_ELECTRICITY. we assume TECHNOLOGICAL_LEARNING_CURVES as a
function of CUMULATIVE_CAPITAL_INVESTMENT. a REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH is
applied as it takes into ACCOUNT_UNCERTAINTY about prices and learning,
as well as IRREVERSIBILITY associated with INVESTMENT_DECISIONS. we
investigate three DIFFERENT_CASES, dealing with UNCERTAINTY about
FUTURE_ELECTRICITY_PRICES, and UNCERTAINTY about the speed with which
learning drives the COSTS of WIND and SOLAR_ELECTRICITY down. we assess
the MINIMUM_THRESHOLD for the STOCHASTIC_PRICE and the
MAXIMUM_ELECTRICITY_PRODUCTION_COST that makes it optimal for the firm to
invest in the two technologies. the results show that the
LEARNING_RATE_AFFECTS the option to invest in but reducing
CRITICAL_THRESHOLD for exercising it. the greater the amount of CAPITAL
invested, the more LEARNING_STIMULATES earlier exercising of the option
to invest. the firm will then anticipate the option to invest and
exercise it for lower CRITICAL_THRESHOLD_VALUES if all CAPITAL is
invested in one TECHNOLOGY. if CAPITAL_INVESTMENT is diversified, the
option should be exercised at a higher CRITICAL_THRESHOLD. more
UNCERTAINTY in ENERGY_PRICES or TECHNOLOGY_COSTS_POSTPONES the option to
invest. although investing in both SOLAR and WIND may be profitable under
PARTICULAR_CONDITIONS of price and COST_UNCERTAINTY, the theoretically
OPTIMAL_STRATEGY is generally investing in only one TECHNOLOGY, that is,
SOLAR or WIND, depending on their RELATIVE_INITIAL_COSTS and
LEARNING_RATES. this suggests that the practice in most countries of
diversifying RENEWABLE_ENERGY may reflect a MISTAKEN_STRATEGY.  2017
ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 18
Citations: 35
Record-ID: Sim J., 2018, J CLEAN PROD, V189, P297
Title: the economic and ENVIRONMENTAL_VALUES of the r&D_INVESTMENT in a
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SECTOR in SOUTH_KOREA
Abstract:
```
although a fossil_based FUEL_ECONOMY has allowed SOUTH_KOREA to rapidly
develop, the ECONOMIC_GROWTH means that SOUTH_KOREA is now one of the
largest sources of CARBON_EMISSIONS. the south KOREAN_GOVERNMENT has
recently made a RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INVESTMENT_PLAN to convert the economy
based on FOSSIL_FUELS to an economy based on RENEWABLE_ENERGY. in order
to analyze the ECONOMIC_FEASIBILITY of the RESEARCH_AND_DEVELOPMENT (r&d)
INVESTMENT required for this change, this STUDY_EVALUATES the
r&D_INVESTMENT in the six types of RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES  biomass
ENERGY, WASTE_ENERGY, PHOTOVOLTAIC_ENERGY, SOLAR_THERMAL_ENERGY,
MARINE_ENERGY, and WIND POWER_ENERGY, while considering several
UNCERTAINTY_FACTORS  a RENEWABLE_ENERGY_PRODUCTION amount, an
r&D_INVESTMENT amount, a UNIT_PRICE, and a risk_free INTEREST_RATE. this
STUDY_UTILIZES the SYSTEM_DYNAMICS_APPROACH using the black_scholes model
and CONDUCTS_SENSITIVITY_ANALYSES of the UNCERTAINTY_FACTORS. the results
indicate that the RENEWABLE_ENERGY_PRODUCTION amount has a relatively
LARGE_INFLUENCE on both the r&D_INVESTMENT_VALUE and the
CARBON_EMISSION_REDUCTION amount. in the MONTE_CARLO_SIMULATION, a
risk_free INTEREST_RATE has annually a SMALL_IMPACT on the
r&D_INVESTMENT_VALUE.  2018 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 97
Citations: 31
Record-ID: Penizzotto F., 2019, RENEWABLE SUSTAINABLE ENERGY REV, V114
Title: REAL_OPTIONS_VALUATION of PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_INVESTMENTS in existing
BUILDINGS
Abstract:
```
RENEWABLE_POWER_GENERATION based on SOLAR_ENERGY is deemed to be a
KEY_INSTRUMENT to reduce the CARBON_FOOTPRINT of MODERN_ECONOMIES.
collectively, BUILDINGS are an energy_intensive consumption sector.
therefore, existing BUILDING_ROOFTOPS are seen as a target for massively
deploying PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) DISTRIBUTED_GENERATION. nevertheless,
estimating the benefits and RISKS of investing in ROOFTOP_PV_SYSTEMS is
indeed a CHALLENGING_TASK due to the LARGE_UNCERTAINTIES that affect
tariffs, TECHNOLOGY_COSTS, and REGULATORY_POLICY. after reviewing the
literature and identifying the CURRENT_GAPS, this ARTICLE develops a
method based on REAL_OPTIONS_THEORY for appraising INVESTMENTS in
PV_GENERATION_SYSTEMS to be installed on the rooftop of existing
BUILDINGS. the OPTION_VALUE of differing the INVESTMENT_DECISION and the
problem of the OPTIMAL_TIME to invest in IRREVERSIBLE_PV_ASSETS are
addressed by an advanced VALUATION_METHOD based on STOCHASTIC_SIMULATION,
LINEAR_REGRESSION, and backward DYNAMIC_PROGRAMMING. in this work,
returns of self_generation PV INVESTMENTS are subjected to uncertainties
upon declining INVESTMENT_COSTS and fluctuating ELECTRICITY_TARIFFS,
which are represented by APPROPRIATE_EXOGENOUS_STOCHASTIC_PROCESSES. in
order to test the practicability of the proposed decision_making
framework, the VALUATION of an exemplary rooftop pv_system in a
GOVERNMENT_BUILDING is considered. results show that while
STANDARD_APPRAISAL_METHODS wrongly reject the ROOFTOP_PV_PROJECT now and
in the FUTURE, the OPTION_VALUATION_METHOD finds optimal to hold the
opportunity open in order to reconsider to invest later. in addition, the
method provides an OBJECTIVE_VALUE of the OPPORTUNITY_COST of using the
building rooftop for another purpose. the proposed VALUATION_APPROACH
would result in better INVESTMENT_ALLOCATION and faster development of
distributed PV_POWER_CAPACITY contributing thereby to enhance the
SUSTAINABILITY of CURRENT_ENERGY_SYSTEMS.  2019 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 94
Citations: 25
Record-ID: Zhang M.M., 2020, ENERGY ECON, V92
Title: valuing INVESTMENT_DECISIONS of RENEWABLE_ENERGY_PROJECTS considering
CHANGING_VOLATILITY
Abstract:
```
VOLATILITY is an IMPORTANT_PARAMETER when evaluating INVESTMENTS using
the REAL_OPTIONS_METHOD. for RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INVESTMENTS, the VOLATILITY
of CASH_FLOW continuously changes, because as NEW_INFORMATION and
knowledge are gathered, there is less FORESEEN_VARIATION. this paper
proposes an extended recombining TRINOMIAL_TREE_MODEL, where the
CHANGING_VOLATILITY is used to GENERATE_TRANSITION_PROBABILITIES. the
CHANGING_VOLATILITY is generated using a CONSOLIDATION_PROCESS where
MULTIPLE_RANDOM_VARIABLES, including the MARKET_PRICE of ELECTRICITY,
CARBON_PRICE, and lending rate, are integrated into a low_dimension
STOCHASTIC_PROCESS. a two_factor LEARNING_CURVE is used to model the
changes of INVESTMENT_COST. we apply the proposed model to
ANALYZE_SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) POWER_GENERATION_INVESTMENT in CHINA. the
results show VOLATILITY with changing feature. compared with
CONSTANT_VOLATILITY, CHANGING_VOLATILITY may advance INVESTMENT_DECISIONS
and change the PROJECT_VALUE. COMPLETE_GRID_PARITY_POLICY in the
SOLAR_PV_INDUSTRY is infeasible because the OPPORTUNITY_COST brought by
the option of delaying cannot be offset. the CHANGING_VOLATILITY may
produce a lower and equally EFFECTIVE_SUBSIDY_LEVEL compared with
CONSTANT_VOLATILITY. a CARBON_EMISSION trading scheme is helpful in
advancing INVESTMENTS in RENEWABLE_ENERGY, which is reflected in
improvements in PROJECT_VALUE, advancements in INVESTMENT_DECISIONS, and
reductions in the required SUBSIDY_LEVEL.  2020 elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 151
Citations: 17
Record-ID: Weibel S., 2015, ENERGY CONVERS MANAGE, V103, P871
Title: COST effective DESIGN of RINGWALL_STORAGE_HYBRID_POWER_PLANTS: a
REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS
Abstract:
```
abstract we study the ECONOMIC_VIABILITY and optimal sizing and siting of
a HYBRID_PLANT that combines a RINGWALL_HYDRO_STORAGE_SYSTEM with WIND
and SOLAR_POWER_PLANTS (RINGWALL_STORAGE_HYBRID_POWER_PLANT, rshpp). a
REAL_OPTIONS_MODEL is introduced to analyze the ECONOMICS of an
ONSHORE_RSHPP, and in particular of the varying STORAGE_VOLUME in light
of the STOCHASTIC_CHARACTER of WIND and SOLAR_POWER, as well as the
OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_TIMING under UNCERTAINTY. in fact, many uncertainties
arise in such a project. ENERGY_PRODUCTION is determined by the
STOCHASTIC_CHARACTER of WIND and SOLAR_POWER, and affects the
OPTIMAL_SIZE of the STORAGE_DEVICE. MONTE_CARLO_SIMULATION is performed
to analyze the following sources of UNCERTAINTY: (i) WIND intensity and
SOLAR_IRRADIATION; (ii) FUTURE_ELECTRICITY_PRICE; and (iii)
INVESTMENT_COSTS. the RESULTS_YIELD the OPTIMAL_SIZE of the
STORAGE_DEVICE; the ENERGY_MARKET on which the operator should sell the
ELECTRICITY generated; NUMERICAL_EXAMPLES for two
DIFFERENT_RSHPP_SCENARIOS; and a REAL_OPTIONS_MODEL for analyzing the
opportunity to defer the PROJECT_INVESTMENT and thus to exploit the value
of waiting.  2015 ELSEVIER_LTD.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

UNCERTAINTY; ENERGY_POLICY; CARBON_EMISSIONS; CARBON; CARBON_PRICES;
COST_BENEFIT_ANALYSIS; POWER_PLANTS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 80
Citations: 12
Record-ID: Nunes L.E., 2021, ENERGY, V231
Title: switch and DEFER_OPTION in RENEWABLE_ENERGY_PROJECTS: evidences from
BRAZIL
Abstract:
```
the GLOBAL_ELECTRICITY_SECTOR is responsible for a LARGE_SHARE of
GREENHOUSE_GAS. RENEWABLE_ENERGY (re) is a FEASIBLE_ALTERNATIVE to
maintain SUSTAINABLE_GROWTH and ECONOMIC_DEVELOPMENT, as it appears to be
a means to reduce EMISSIONS and DECARBONIZE_ECONOMIES.
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_PROJECTS present some uncertainties and flexibilities
that are ignored by TRADITIONAL_METHODS of EVALUATION, such as the net
PRESENT_VALUE (NPV), which can lead to undervaluation. this PAPER_AIMS to
assess the switch_output option and DEFER_OPTION for RE_PROJECTS
according to their features in the BRAZILIAN_ELECTRICITY_MARKET. the
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH (ROA) for RE_PROJECTS seeks to capture the value of
uncertainties and flexibilities that all projects have from an investor's
point of view. then, when we adopted a more SOPHISTICATED_APPROACH that
VALUES_FLEXIBILITIES and uncertainties for RE_PROJECTS, it was possible
to conclude that there was a CLEAR_INCREASE in value when compared to
TRADITIONAL_INVESTMENT_ANALYSIS_METHODS like the NPV.  2021 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 162
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Sesmero J., 2016, ENERGY POLICY, V93, P80
Title: the effect of current and PROSPECTIVE_POLICIES on
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEM_ECONOMICS: an application to the us MIDWEST
Abstract:
```
this STUDY_MODELS FUNDAMENTAL_FEATURES of current and
PROSPECTIVE_POLICIES ENCOURAGING_ADOPTION of RESIDENTIAL_PHOTOVOLTAIC
(PV) systems. a key finding is that time_of_day (tod) PRICING can enhance
or worsen the ECONOMICS of PV_SYSTEMS. moreover, increased responsiveness
of ELECTRICITY_DEMAND to its PRICE_DIMINISHES the effectiveness of tod
PRICING in the absence of net metering, but does not affect it otherwise.
an application to PLAUSIBLE_CONDITIONS in the state of INDIANA, usa,
shows that CURRENT_POLICIES are unlikely to TRIGGER_ADOPTION by a
risk_neutral forward_looking RESIDENTIAL_CUSTOMER. however, adoption of
PV_SYSTEMS can be induced if the FEDERAL_TAX_CREDIT is increased to cover
48% of CAPITAL_COST (instead of the current 30%), which could imply a
COST to the FEDERAL_GOVERNMENT of about $0.95/kw of INSTALLED_CAPACITY
depending on the panel's size. we demonstrate that implementation of tod
PRICING can TRIGGER_ADOPTION under a range of on_ and off_peak price
combinations. but our analysis also shows that the cost_effectiveness of
tod PRICING is enhanced at higher ratios of on_peak to off_peak prices.
2016 ELSEVIER_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 77
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Glensk B., 2019, ENERGIES, V12
Title: energiewende @ RISK: on the continuation of RENEWABLE_POWER_GENERATION at
the end of PUBLIC_POLICY_SUPPORT
Abstract:
```
this PAPER_AIMS to analyze what happens with
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_POWER_PLANTS, such as onshore WIND, PHOTOVOLTAICS and
biomass, when the PUBLIC_POLICY_SUPPORT based on the RENEWABLE_ENERGY_LAW
expires. with its expiration, the first RENEWABLE_ENERGY (and especially
onshore WIND) POWER_PLANTS will have to be scrutinized as to whether they
can economically continue operation, whether they have to be repowered,
or whether they need to be decommissioned. the RELATIVE_MERITS of these
three alternatives are evaluated by applying REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS. in
contrast to TRADITIONAL_PROJECT_EVALUATION_TECHNIQUES, the
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH takes advantage of the use of UNCERTAIN_PARAMETERS
included in the model, such as the development of the ELECTRICITY_PRICE
or ELECTRICITY_OUTPUT. the results obtained suggest that parameters such
as the level of FUTURE_OPERATION and MAINTENANCE_COSTS, the expected
development of the ELECTRICITY_PRICE at the SPOT_MARKET, and the
interrelations between these, as well as the development of the
ELECTRICITY_OUTPUT from RENEWABLES can significantly affect the
PROFITABILITY of these POWER_PLANTS and thus impact the decision about
their further OPTIMAL_OPERATION.  2019 by the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 19
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Batac K.I.T., 2022, INTERNAT J RENE ENER DEVEL, V11, P801
Title: DECISION_SUPPORT for INVESTMENTS in SUSTAINABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES under
uncertainties
Abstract:
```
INVESTMENT in SUSTAINABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES is one of the
CLIMATE_MITIGATION_STRATEGIES that can significantly reduce
GREENHOUSE_GAS_EMISSIONS in the ENERGY_SECTOR. however, in
DEVELOPING_COUNTRIES, INVESTMENT is challenged by
HIGH_CAPITAL_EXPENDITURES and several uncertainties. this PAPER_AIMS to
provide DECISION_SUPPORT for INVESTMENT in SUSTAINABLE_ENERGY_PROJECTS by
evaluating the COMPARATIVE_ATTRACTIVENESS of shifting ENERGY_SOURCES from
FOSSIL_FUELS to RENEWABLES and nuclear. applying the
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH (ROA), this PAPER_CALCULATES the value of the
FLEXIBILITY to postpone the INVESTMENT_DECISION and identifies the
OPTIMAL_TIMING (described here as the TRIGGER_PRICE of COAL) for shifting
to SUSTAINABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES. then, VARIOUS_UNCERTAINTIES are
considered, such as COAL and ELECTRICITY_PRICES, NEGATIVE_EXTERNALITY of
using FOSSIL_FUELS, and the RISK of a NUCLEAR_ACCIDENT, which are
modelled using GEOMETRIC_BROWNIAN_MOTION, POISSON_PROCESS, and
BERNOULLI_PROBABILITY. applying the ROA_MODEL in the case of the
PHILIPPINES, results find that investing in SUSTAINABLE_ENERGY is a
better option than continuing to use COAL for ELECTRICITY_GENERATION.
however, contrary to CONVENTIONAL_OPTION_VALUATION_RESULT that waiting is
a better strategy, this study found that delaying or postponing the
INVESTMENT_DECISIONS may lead to POSSIBLE_OPPORTUNITY_LOSSES. among the
AVAILABLE_SUSTAINABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES, geothermal is the most attractive
with TRIGGER_PRICES of COAL equal to usd 49.95/ton, followed by nuclear
(usd 58.55/ton), WIND (usd 69.48/ton), SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC (usd
72.04/ton), and HYDROPOWER (usd 111.14/ton). also, the occurrence of jump
(extreme) prices of COAL, raising the current feed_in_tariff, and
considering NEGATIVE_EXTERNALITIES can decrease the TRIGGER_PRICES, which
FAVOR_INVESTMENTS in SUSTAINABLE_ENERGIES. moreover, the RISK of a
NUCLEAR_DISASTER favors INVESTMENT in RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES over
nuclear due to the HUGE_DAMAGE_COSTS once an ACCIDENT_OCCURS. results
provide bases for POLICY_RECOMMENDATIONS toward achieving a more secure
and SUSTAINABLE_ENERGY_SECTOR for DEVELOPING_COUNTRIES that are highly
dependent on imported FOSSIL_FUELS.  2022. the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 12
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Yu G., 2022, ENERGY SCI ENG, V10, P3075
Title: RESEARCH on the INVESTMENT_DECISIONS of PV micro GRID_ENTERPRISES under
CARBON_TRADING MECHANISMS
Abstract:
```
achieving CARBON_NEUTRALITY_TARGETS requires
SUBSTANTIAL_FINANCIAL_SUPPORT. EFFECTIVE_UTILIZATION of RENEWABLE_ENERGY
is an ESSENTIAL_MEANS of promoting energy_saving and EMISSION_REDUCTION
to realize a green and CIRCULAR_ECONOMY. this paper combines
CARBON_TRADING MECHANISMS with the OPERATIONAL_MODE of chinese micro_grid
enterprises. this METHOD_USES the REAL_OPTIONS_THEORY to construct an
INVESTMENT_DECISION_MODEL for PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) micro_grid enterprises.
the STUDY_AIMS to analyze the impact of CARBON_TRADING revenue on a
NUMERICAL_SIMULATION of PV micro_grid enterprise INVESTMENT_DECISIONS.
the findings demonstrate that when projected GROWTH_RATES, VOLATILITY
STANDARD_DEVIATIONS, and risk_free INTEREST_RATES rise in the
CARBON_TRADING MARKET, the CARBON_PRICE_THRESHOLD_RISES, causing
businesses to seek out INVESTMENT_OPPORTUNITIES with higher
FUTURE_CARBON_PRICES. the increase of micro_grid generation TECHNOLOGY
acceptance PROBABILITY, the availability of resources to meet
GENERATION_INVESTMENT_REQUIREMENTS, and the GENERATION_PROJECT_CYCLE will
decrease the CARBON_PRICE_THRESHOLD and ACCELERATE_ENTERPRISE_INVESTMENT.
studying the influence of CARBON_TRADING prices on micro_grid INVESTMENT
has SPECIFIC_GUIDANCE and PRACTICAL_SIGNIFICANCE for
FUTURE_GOVERNMENT_SUBSIDY_POLICIES and the INVESTMENT_STRATEGIES of
GRID_ENTERPRISES.  2022 the authors. ENERGY_SCIENCE & ENGINEERING
published by the society of CHEMICAL_INDUSTRY and JOHN_WILEY & SONS_LTD.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

UNCERTAINTY; ENERGY_POLICY; CARBON_EMISSIONS; CARBON; CARBON_PRICES;
COST_BENEFIT_ANALYSIS; POWER_PLANTS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 56
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Mancini M., 2016, IEEE INT CONF IND ENG ENG MANAGE, V2016-December, P1101
Title: a REAL_OPTIONS_INVESTMENT_MODEL for the EVALUATION of WIND and
PHOTOVOLTAIC_PLANTS
Abstract:
```
RECENT_YEARS have been characterized by an increasing ENERGY_DEMAND and
by growing attention to ENERGY_PRODUCTION_SUSTAINABILITY. for this
reason, the number of plants powered by RENEWABLE_SOURCES has increased.
simultaneously, the ENERGY_SECTOR has to face increasing UNCERTAINTY due
to MARKET_LIBERALIZATION. these factors has made it necessary for
investors to find a PROPER_EVALUATION_METHOD for their projects able to
take into account also these aspects. this WORK_TRIES to provide two
ORIGINAL_CONTRIBUTIONS: firstly, the creation of a model that helps the
investor to understand which TECHNOLOGY can best satisfy his ENERGY_NEED;
and secondly, the implementation of the ro (i.e. REAL_OPTION) approach.
to verify the consistency of the model, it has been applied to three
DIFFERENT_REAL_SITUATIONS.  2016 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 55
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Ofori C.G., 2022, CLIM POLICY, V22, P851
Title: a REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH to assessing the COST_SAVINGS_POTENTIAL of
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_ADOPTION among smes in GHANA
Abstract:
```
small and MEDIUM_SCALE_ENTERPRISES (smes) are integral to
ECONOMIC_DEVELOPMENT. however, they face significant challenges within
their operations, of which access to an AFFORDABLE_POWER supply is
profound. self_generation options have the potential to curtail these
challenges to an extent, but SMES_NEED to choose options that provide
SIGNIFICANT_COST_SAVINGS. this study proposes a simulation_based
REAL_OPTIONS_MODEL using SECONDARY_DATA to evaluate the
COST_SAVINGS_POTENTIAL for smes in switching from CONVENTIONAL_POWER
generating sources to RENEWABLE_ENERGY based on three MAIN_SCENARIOS:
using RENEWABLE_ENERGY as a backup; a COMPLETE_TRANSITION to
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_GENERATION; and a PARTIAL_TRANSITION to
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES. the results show that using RENEWABLE_ENERGY as
BACKUP_SOURCES of ENERGY does not provide SIGNIFICANT_COST_SAVINGS to the
sme. however, a complete or a PARTIAL_TRANSITION from conventional to
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_RESOURCES offers SUBSTANTIAL_COST_SAVINGS for the sme
over the life of the RENEWABLE_ENERGY_TECHNOLOGY. smes must consider
CAPACITY_FACTORS of RENEWABLE_ENERGY_TECHNOLOGIES, tariffs for
CONVENTIONAL_POWER supply, SYSTEM_RELIABILITY of CONVENTIONAL_SYSTEMS,
and the INVESTMENT_COSTS for RENEWABLE_ENERGY_GENERATION as critical
determining factors for RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INVESTMENTS.
SUCCESSFUL_INTEGRATION of RENEWABLE_ENERGY by smes also requires
POLICY_SUPPORT towards educating smes on its importance and
TECHNICAL_REQUIREMENTS. KEY_POLICY_INSIGHTS RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INTEGRATION
can allow smes to make SUBSTANTIAL_SAVINGS in their
POWER_CONSUMPTION_COSTS. smes must be mindful of an approach towards
investing in RENEWABLE_ENERGY_TECHNOLOGIES so that it also maximises
their gains in RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INTEGRATION. GOVERNMENT_POLICY must focus
on creating an enabling environment for smes to reap the benefits of
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INTEGRATION.  2022 INFORMA_UK limited, trading as taylor
& FRANCIS_GROUP.
```

--

Record-No: 100
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Turbaningsih O., 2022, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENVIRON SCI, V972
Title: the study of ADAPTIVE_PLANNING_APPLICATION for
LNG_REGASIFICATION_TERMINAL_INFRASTRUCTURE in indonesia
Abstract:
```
GLOBAL_TRADE for REGASIFICATION_LNG has reached 850.1 mtpa by february
2021 because of the enforcement of CLEAN_ENERGY_APPLICATIONS. the
alternative of RENEWABLE_ENERGY such as HYDROPOWER, SOLAR, and WIND has
developed globally, but they have not been implemented effectively in
indonesia. lng became an alternative to CLEAN_ENERGY because of its
LOW_CARBON_EMISSIONS. an estimated 26% of the 35,000 mw of indonesia's
ELECTRICITY_SUPPLY project comes from natural gas_powered POWER_PLANTS.
the scope of this study is to investigate the implementation of
ADAPTIVE_PLANNING for LNG_REGASIFICATION_FACILITIES. the
AUTHORS_INTERVIEW the LNG_EXPERTS in indonesia to ASSESS_UNCERTAINTIES,
vulnerabilities, and opportunities in its BUSINESS_PROCESS to identify
the enabling factors for implementing the ADAPTIVE_METHOD in
LNG_TERMINAL_MASTER_PLANNING. this RESEARCH_AIMS to provide an
ADAPTIVE_STRATEGY for LNG_REGASIFICATION_TERMINAL to satisfy resilient
and SUSTAINABLE_INFRASTRUCTURE_CONCEPTS. the authors propose the
REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS using a BINOMIAL_DECISION_TREE to evaluate the
decision_making under UNCERTAINTY for the
INFRASTRUCTURE_LNG_REGASIFICATION_TERMINAL_FACILITIES. the STUDY_CASE for
CATEGORY_MEDIUM to LARGE_SCALE with 4 mtpa, FSRU_CONCEPT selected as the
SUITABLE_CONFIGURATION, while for the smaller SCALE_FACILITIES with 0.5
mtpa, the fsu with regasification barge selected as the most
SUITABLE_CONFIGURATION.   published under licence by iop publishing ltd.
```

--

Record-No: 143
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Liu J., 2014, IEEE INT CONF MECHATRONICS AUTOM IEEE ICMA, P1411
Title: PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_GENERATION_PROJECTS_INVESTMENT_RISK_ANALYSIS in
GUIZHOU_PROVINCE, CHINA
Abstract:
```
in the NEW_ELECTRICITY_MARKET_ENVIRONMENT, PV_PROJECT_INVESTMENT faces
more INVESTMENT_RISKS. in order to guarantee the supply of ELECTRICITY
effectively and reduce CARBON_DIOXIDE_EMISSIONS, it needs the
RELEVANT_GOVERNMENT_DEPARTMENTS to guide investors to invest in
CLEAN_ENERGY_GENERATION_PROJECTS with APPROPRIATE_POLICIES. based on
REAL_OPTIONS_THEORY, this paper develops a INVESTMENT decision_model and
a RISK_ASSESSMENT_FRAMEWORK for PV_POWER_GENERATION_PROJECTS in CHINA. in
the case of grid_connected PV_GENERATION_DEMONSTRATION_PROJECT, this
paper carry out INVESTMENT_DECISION_SIMULATION from the UNCERTAINTY of
INVESTMENT_COST. the SIMULATION_RESULTS show that the model can provide
investors an INVESTMENT_REFERENCE. meanwhile, it can be used as
QUANTITATIVE_ANALYSIS_TOOLS for POLICY_MAKERS to make a
REASONABLE_INVESTMENT_POLICY.  2014 ieee.
```


