You are an automated scientific writer assistant. Use only the
information provided in the following records to write one paragraph
explaining and exemplifying the relationships among the following
keywords:

ENERGY_MARKETS; UNCERTAINTY_ANALYSIS; MONTE_CARLO_METHODS;
OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_TIMING; SENSITIVITY_ANALYSIS; DECISION_MAKING;
LEAST_SQUARE_MONTE_CARLO; MICRO_GRIDS; RENEWABLE_TECHNOLOGY;
INVESTMENT_EVALUATION

Use the Record-No value between brackets to indicate the reference to the
record. For example, [1] means that the information is in the Record-No
1. Use notes below of the generated text to justify the affirmation. Use
only phrases appearing in the provided text.

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 45
Citations: 24
Record-ID: Fioriti D., 2021, ELECTR POWER SYST RES, V194
Title: multi year STOCHASTIC_PLANNING of off grid MICROGRIDS subject to
SIGNIFICANT_LOAD_GROWTH_UNCERTAINTY: overcoming single year methodologies
Abstract:
```
the OPTIMAL_DESIGN of off_grid MICROGRIDS in DEVELOPING_COUNTRIES is
difficult to achieve, as several political and socio_economic RISKS can
HAMPER_INVESTMENTS of PRIVATE_COMPANIES. estimating the ENERGY_DEMAND and
its growth is a CHALLENGING_TASK, subject to HIGH_UNCERTAINTY that rarely
have been accounted for in multi_year simulations at hourly resolution.
besides, from a long_term perspective, the ASSETS_DEGRADATION can
significantly affect the performance of stand_alone hybrid
ENERGY_SYSTEMS. in this paper, we address these challenges and propose a
NOVEL_STOCHASTIC DYNAMIC_METHOD to size MICROGRIDS, simulating with
accuracy the SYSTEM_OPERATION and considering the UNAVOIDABLE_UNCERTAINTY
in LOAD_GROWTH and the components ageing. a predefined
SCENARIO_TREE_STRUCTURE allows capturing the LOAD_GROWTH_UNCERTAINTY and
obtaining DIFFERENT_CAPACITY_EXPANSION_STRATEGIES for each scenario. an
ILLUSTRATIVE_CASE_STUDY for an isolated POWER_SYSTEM in kenya using data
collected in 23 KENYAN_MICROGRIDS is shown. the proposed
STOCHASTIC_FORMULATION_RESULTS in a CONSIDERABLE_REDUCTION of the size of
components with respect to traditional single_year approaches. SAVINGS in
terms of net PRESENT_COST (npc) are beyond 16_20% and the effects of
ASSETS_DEGRADATION are about 6%. RESULTS_LEAD to recommend multi_year
OPTIMIZATION tools, as single_year methodologies can hardly achieve the
same performances.  2021 elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 16
Citations: 16
Record-ID: Assereto M., 2021, RENEWABLE SUSTAINABLE ENERGY REV, V143
Title: no REAL_OPTION for SOLAR in IRELAND: a REAL_OPTION_VALUATION of
UTILITY_SCALE_SOLAR_INVESTMENT in IRELAND
Abstract:
```
the IRISH_GOVERNMENT recently unveiled plans to have 70% of ELECTRICITY
in the state generated from RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES by 2030. currently
very little ELECTRICITY is generated by SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC in IRELAND. in
this study, a REAL_OPTIONS_FRAMEWORK is applied to assess the
ECONOMIC_FEASIBILITY of utility_scale SOLAR in IRELAND. initially,
ELECTRICITY_PRICES are identified as the MAIN_SOURCE of UNCERTAINTY and
the least SQUARE_MONTE_CARLO_METHOD is used to price the REAL_OPTION. the
findings are that, in the absence of COMPREHENSIVE_POLICY_SUPPORT,
large_scale INVESTMENT in SOLAR in IRELAND is not commercially viable and
that, where the REAL_OPTION has value, the OPTIMAL_STRATEGY is to
DEFER_INVESTMENT. SENSITIVITY_ANALYSIS_SHOWS that the results are robust
and the analysis allows investors to make an informed bid to the newly
introduced RENEWABLE_ELECTRICITY_SUPPORT_SCHEME (ress). when
POLICY_SUPPORT is introduced, a LARGE_REAL_OPTION_VALUE is obtained, and
UTILITY_SCALE_SOLAR_INVESTMENT is profitable. the implications are that
solar_specific policy supports may work better than policies that include
all RENEWABLE_TECHNOLOGIES because the dominance of onshore WIND_ENERGY
in IRELAND may price other RENEWABLE_SOURCES out.  2021
```

--

Record-No: 3
Citations: 12
Record-ID: Pringles R., 2020, RENEW ENERGY, V151, P846
Title: VALUATION of defer and RELOCATION_OPTIONS in
PHOTOVOLTAIC_GENERATION_INVESTMENTS by a STOCHASTIC_SIMULATION based
method
Abstract:
```
RISK_MANAGEMENT is crucial when committing INVESTMENTS in
ELECTRICITY_MARKETS. INVESTMENT_PROJECTS for the generation of
ELECTRICITY are capital_intensive, in LARGE_PART_IRREVERSIBLE and
FUTURE_PERFORMANCE is subject to HIGH_UNCERTAINTY. fortunately, most
POWER_GENERATION_PROJECTS have STRATEGIC_FLEXIBILITY for handling
UNCERTAINTY and for mitigating RISKS under UNFAVORABLE_SCENARIOS. modern
corporate FINANCE recognizes REAL_OPTION_ANALYSIS (ROA) as the
CORRECT_WAY to VALUE_INVESTMENT_PROJECTS with these characteristics. due
to both, ENVIRONMENTAL_CONCERNS and escalation of FUEL_PRICES,
ELECTRICITY_GENERATION from RENEWABLE_SOURCES has grown dramatically
worldwide over the last decade. RENEWABLE_INVESTMENT_PROJECTS share many
of the features mentioned. as such, OPTION_VALUATION_METHODS should be
applied to estimate the MONETARY_VALUE of FLEXIBILITY in
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INVESTMENTS. this work presents an
APPROPRIATE_METHODOLOGY for assessing the ECONOMIC_VALUE of a
PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_PLANT under uncertainties. ROA is applied to determine
the value of delaying the INVESTMENT_DECISION while waiting for better
MARKET_INFORMATION that would reduce ACQUISITION_COSTS due to progress in
SOLAR_TECHNOLOGY. the FLEXIBILITY of relocating the SOLAR_FACILITY in the
FUTURE upon the appearance of a more ATTRACTIVE_SITE in terms of COST,
NETWORK_ACCESSIBILITY or REGULATORY_POLICIES is also valued. the problem
of OPTION_VALUATION is solved through STOCHASTIC_SIMULATION combined with
RECURSIVE_APPROXIMATE DYNAMIC_PROGRAMMING techniques. the methodology
developed might be used by investors for more efficient decision_making
and by REGULATORY_AGENCIES for designing ADEQUATE_SUPPORT_POLICIES that
encourage INVESTMENT in RENEWABLE_ENERGY_GENERATION.  2019 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 57
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Ma Y., 2020, ENERGY, V191
Title: multi stage compound REAL_OPTIONS_VALUATION in residential PV battery
INVESTMENT
Abstract:
```
STRATEGIC_VALUATION of efficient and well_timed NETWORK_INVESTMENTS under
UNCERTAIN_ELECTRICITY_MARKET_ENVIRONMENT has become increasingly
challenging, because there generally exist multiple interacting options
in these INVESTMENTS, and failing to systematically consider these
options can lead to decisions that undervalue the INVESTMENT. in our
work, a REAL_OPTIONS_VALUATION (ROV) framework is proposed to determine
the OPTIMAL_STRATEGY for executing multiple interacting options within a
DISTRIBUTION_NETWORK_INVESTMENT, to mitigate the RISK of FINANCIAL_LOSSES
in the presence of FUTURE_UNCERTAINTIES. to demonstrate the
characteristics of the proposed framework, we determine the
OPTIMAL_STRATEGY to economically justify the INVESTMENT in residential
pv_battery systems for ADDITIONAL_GRID supply during PEAK_DEMAND_PERIODS.
the options to defer, and then expand, are considered as multi_stage
COMPOUND_OPTIONS, since the option to expand is a SUBSEQUENT_OPTION of
the former. these options are valued via the least
SQUARES_MONTE_CARLO_METHOD, incorporating UNCERTAINTY over growing
POWER_DEMAND, varying DIESEL_FUEL_PRICE, and the declining COST of
pv_battery TECHNOLOGY as RANDOM_VARIABLES. finally, a
SENSITIVITY_ANALYSIS is performed to demonstrate how the proposed
FRAMEWORK_RESPONDS to UNCERTAIN_EVENTS. the proposed FRAMEWORK_SHOWS that
executing the interacting options at the OPTIMAL_TIMING_INCREASES the
INVESTMENT_VALUE.  2019 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 9
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Castellini M., 2021, J ECON DYN CONTROL, V126
Title: PHOTOVOLTAIC_SMART_GRIDS in the PROSUMERS_INVESTMENT_DECISIONS: a
REAL_OPTION_MODEL
Abstract:
```
the digitization of POWER_SYSTEM represents one of the MAIN_INSTRUMENTS
to achieve the target set by the EUROPEAN_UNION 2030 climate and
ENERGY_AGENDA of AFFORDABLE_ENERGY_TRANSITION. during the last YEARS,
SUCH_INNOVATION_PROCESS has been associated with the SMART_GRID (sg)
term. in this context, efficiency and FLEXIBILITY of POWER_SYSTEMS are
expected to increase and ENERGY_CONSUMERS to be active also on the
PRODUCTION_SIDE, thus becoming prosumers (agents that both produce and
CONSUME_ENERGY). this paper provides a theoretical REAL_OPTION_FRAMEWORK
with the aim to MODEL_PROSUMERS_DECISION to invest in
PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_PLANTS, assuming that they are integrated in a sg. our
MAIN_FOCUS is to study the OPTIMAL_PLANT_SIZE and the
OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_THRESHOLD, in a context where EXCHANGE_OF_ENERGY among
prosumers is possible. the model was calibrated and tested with data from
the northern ITALY ENERGY_MARKET. our findings show that the possibility
of selling ENERGY between prosumers, via the sg,
INCREASES_INVESTMENT_VALUES. this OPPORTUNITY_ENCOURAGES_PROSUMERS to
invest in a larger plant compared with the case without
EXCHANGE_POSSIBILITY and that there is a POSITIVE_RELATION between
OPTIMAL_SIZE and (optimal) INVESTMENT_TIMING. the effect of UNCERTAINTY
is in line with the literature, showing increasing value to defer with
VOLATILITY. our COMPARATIVE_STATICS_STRESS the need for policies to push
the PV_EFFICIENCY.  2020
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

ENERGY_MARKETS; UNCERTAINTY_ANALYSIS; MONTE_CARLO_METHODS;
OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_TIMING; SENSITIVITY_ANALYSIS; DECISION_MAKING;
LEAST_SQUARE_MONTE_CARLO; MICRO_GRIDS; RENEWABLE_TECHNOLOGY;
INVESTMENT_EVALUATION

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 39
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Kim B., 2020, RENEWABLE SUSTAINABLE ENERGY REV, V125
Title: is it a GOOD_TIME to develop COMMERCIAL_PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS on FARMLAND?
an american style option with CROP_PRICE_RISK
Abstract:
```
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS require LARGE_SWATHS of land that are currently
being used for other purposes, such as farming. one option for developing
LARGE_PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS is converting FARMS that are currently
economically unviable into COMMERCIAL_PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS. however, this
may not always be an economically RATIONAL_DECISION as CROP_PRICES have
the potential to increase over time. fluctuations in FARM_INCOME due to
changes in CROP_PRICES can alter the OPTIMAL_CHOICE of whether to
continue farming or to convert FARMLAND into
COMMERCIAL_PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEMS. this STUDY_ATTEMPTS to resolve this
issue by proposing a REAL_OPTIONS_FRAMEWORK to VALUE_FARM_PRODUCTION when
CROP_PRICES are uncertain. by integrating UNCERTAINTY into the
decision_making process, the value of keeping UNPROFITABLE_FARMS
operating prior to developing the area into a
COMMERCIAL_PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEM is assessed. this helps DECISION_MAKERS
understand the extent to which POTENTIAL_INCOME from developing a
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEM should be greater than POTENTIAL_INCOME from farming
when deciding on investing in a PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEM. a CASE_STUDY is
conducted to examine this framework and to calculate the net
PRESENT_VALUE of a farm in SOUTH_KOREA. the results indicate that
although the money lost from continuing to farm is substantial, farmers
should DEFER_CONVERSION to a COMMERCIAL_PHOTOVOLTAIC_SYSTEM until a
SUFFICIENT_DROP in CROP_PRICES_OCCURS. when applying this strategy, the
farmer can gain an additional 100% of expected revenue simply by
deferring the DEVELOPMENT_DECISION until having better information on the
MARKET_PRICES of CROPS.  2020 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 54
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Castellini M., 2021, ENERGY ECON, V104
Title: ENERGY_EXCHANGE among HETEROGENEOUS_PROSUMERS under PRICE_UNCERTAINTY
Abstract:
```
in this paper, we provide a REAL_OPTIONS_MODEL framing
PROSUMERS_INVESTMENT in PHOTOVOLTAIC_PLANTS. this is presented in a
SMART_GRID_CONTEXT where the EXCHANGE_OF_ENERGY among prosumers is
possible. we determine the OPTIMAL_SIZE of the PHOTOVOLTAIC_INSTALLATIONS
based on the influence the self_consumption profiles on the
EXCHANGE_OF_ENERGY among prosumers. we calibrate the model using figures
relative to the northern ITALY ENERGY_MARKET and investigate the
INVESTMENT_DECISION allowing for DIFFERENT_PROSUMER_PROFILES and consider
several combinations of their INDIVIDUAL_ENERGY_DEMAND and supply. our
findings show that the shape of INDIVIDUAL_ENERGY_DEMAND and supply
curves is crucial to the EXCHANGE_OF_ENERGY among prosumers, and that
there could be circumstances under which no EXCHANGE_OCCURS.  2021
elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 25
Citations: 5
Record-ID: An J., 2021, SUSTAINABILITY, V13
Title: least SQUARES_MONTE_CARLO SIMULATION based DECISION_MAKING method for
PHOTOVOLTAIC_INVESTMENT in KOREA
Abstract:
```
SOLAR_POWER for CLEAN_ENERGY is an IMPORTANT_ASSET that will drive the
FUTURE of SUSTAINABLE_ENERGY_GENERATION. as interest in
SUSTAINABLE_ENERGY_INCREASES with koreas RENEWABLE_ENERGY_EXPANSION_PLAN,
a strategy for PHOTOVOLTAIC_INVESTMENT (PV) is important from an
investors point of view. PREVIOUS_RESEARCH primarily focused on assessing
and analyzing the impact of the VOLATILITY but paid little attention to
the MODELING decision_making project to obtain the
OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_TIMING. this PAPER_UTILIZES a least SQUARES_MONTE
carlo_based method for determining the timing of PV_PLANT_INVESTMENT. the
proposed PV decision_making method is designed to simulate the
TOTAL_PV_GENERATION_REVENUE_PERIOD with all UNCERTAIN_PV_PRICE_FACTORS
handled before determining the OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_TIME. the
NUMERICAL_STUDIES with nine DIFFERENT_SCENARIOS considering system
MARGINAL_PRICE (smp) and RENEWABLE_ENERGY_CERTIFICATE (rec)
SPOT_MARKET_PRICE in KOREA demonstrated how to determine the
OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_TIME for DIFFERENT_PV_CAPACITIES. therefore, the
proposed method can be used as a decision_making tool to provide
PV_INVESTORS with information on the best time to invest in the
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_MARKET.  2021 by the authors. LICENSEE_MDPI, basel,
switzerland.
```

--

Record-No: 85
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Venkatasubramanian B.V., 2021, IEEE ACCESS, V9, P120451
Title: techno economic framework for OPTIMAL_CAPACITY_EXPANSION of
ACTIVE_MICROGRID in the mediterranean: a CASE_STUDY of mcast
Abstract:
```
the purpose of MICROGRIDS is to improve SYSTEM_FLEXIBILITY and RESILIENCE
during normal and EMERGENCY_CONDITIONS. the
CEASELESS_LOAD_GROWTH_MANDATES to increase MICROGRID's capacity, thereby
improving the SYSTEM_FLEXIBILITY and RESILIENCE. however,
CAPACITY_EXPANSION requires SIGNIFICANT_INVESTMENTS, making it essential
to identify the OPTIMAL_CAPACITY of ENERGY_RESOURCES. the methodologies
proposed in the LITERATURE_IDENTIFIES the MICROGRID's capacity with an
assumption of INVESTMENTS with a single installment. this way of
THEORETICAL_APPROACH leads to UNREALISTIC_SOLUTIONS. besides, MICROGRID's
participation in a FLEXIBLE_MARKET will enhance its performance both in
commercial and TECHNICAL_ASPECTS. therefore, this paper proposes a
REALISTIC_FRAMEWORK with the concept 'expansion through time' inspired by
'REAL_OPTIONS_THEORY.' this framework includes PRACTICAL_PARAMETERS like
RESOURCE_LOAD_UNCERTAINTY, PHYSICAL_SPACE required to install, revenue
generated by resources, and MAXIMUM_DEMAND_PENALTY, on top of
ELECTRICAL_PARAMETERS; constrained with SIGNIFICANT_RETURN in INVESTMENTS
to improve the OVERALL_SAVINGS. in addition, this paper proposes a
MARKET_PARTICIPATION_MODEL for MICROGRID, which defines a bidding process
with two components, such as regular and FLEXIBLE_PORTIONS under both
normal and EXTREME_CONDITIONS. this STUDY_CONSIDERS renewable_based
ENERGY_RESOURCES like solar_photovoltaic plants (spps) and
BATTERY_ENERGY_STORAGE_SYSTEMS (besss) as MICROGRIDS' ENERGY_RESOURCES.
the system chosen for testing the efficacy of the proposed framework is a
real_world active_microgrid of MALTA_COLLEGE of arts,
SCIENCE_AND_TECHNOLOGY (mcast), located on an island.  2013 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 88
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Palma H.H., 2020, INT J ENERGY ECON POLICY, V10, P256
Title: EVALUATION of PHOTOVOLTAIC_ENERGY_PROJECTS using the
REAL_OPTIONS_VALUATION
Abstract:
```
the purpose of the ARTICLE is to analyze from a CURRENT_PERSPECTIVE how
REAL_OPTIONS_VALUATION_FACILITATE the EVALUATION of projects for the
adoption of PHOTOVOLTAIC_ENERGY in countries such as COLOMBIA. a mixed
DESCRIPTIVE_APPROACH is proposed, using techniques of
DOCUMENTARY_ANALYSIS and analysis of figures. to this end, an
EXHAUSTIVE_REVIEW of RECENT_RESEARCH on ENERGY, PROJECT_EVALUATION and
the method of REAL_OPTIONS is carried out. as part of the results, it is
highlighted that the REAL_OPTIONS_METHOD allows a greater projection of
the economic/FINANCIAL evaluations and also proposes lines of action thus
responding to NEW_DEMANDS of the ENERGY_MARKETS. due to the
characteristics of the activities of the theme, REAL_OPTIONS are gaining
ground in the economic/FINANCIAL_EVALUATION of projects, since until
recently only TRADITIONAL_METHODS were considered for this purpose.
2020, econjournals. all rights reserved.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

ENERGY_MARKETS; UNCERTAINTY_ANALYSIS; MONTE_CARLO_METHODS;
OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_TIMING; SENSITIVITY_ANALYSIS; DECISION_MAKING;
LEAST_SQUARE_MONTE_CARLO; MICRO_GRIDS; RENEWABLE_TECHNOLOGY;
INVESTMENT_EVALUATION

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 38
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Seifafjei S., 2021, SUSTAINABLE CITIES SOC, V65
Title: a STATISTICAL_LEARNING_APPROACH to determine optimal sizing &
INVESTMENT_TIMING of COMMERCIAL_SCALE distributed ENERGY_RESOURCES
Abstract:
```
the problem of optimal sizing and INVESTMENT_TIMING for a portfolio of
gas_fired and PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) generation is presented and solved using
an optimization_ CLASSIFICATION_TECHNIQUE. it is assumed that the demand,
the prices of NATURAL_GAS, and PV_TECHNOLOGY are STOCHASTIC_PROCESSES.
our methodology takes advantage of decomposing the problem into two
sub_problems. first, the optimal sizing problem is solved using
DYNAMIC_PROGRAMMING and most LIKELY_SOLUTIONS are identified as clusters.
then, the INVESTMENT_TIME_PROBLEM is formulated as a REAL_OPTION for each
cluster to determine OPTIMAL_TIMING. although the two_step OPTIMIZATION
approach can successfully close the loop between OPERATIONAL_DYNAMICS and
INVESTMENT_DECISIONS, we are also interested in discovering patterns in a
MULTIDIMENSIONAL_SPACE of INPUT_PARAMETERS that make a
CERTAIN_COMBINATION of ASSETS_OPTIMAL among dozens of DISCRETE_CHOICES.
on that note, by applying RECURSIVE_PARTITIONING ALGORITHM,
DECISION_TREES are developed to estimate the structure of solutions
rendered from OPTIMIZATION_MODELS by a rule_based system. despite the
HIGH_LEVEL of accuracy, the INITIAL_MODEL is biased in favor of highly
FREQUENT_CLUSTERS, and discards the OPTIMAL_CLUSTERS resulted from
EXTREME_MARKET_BEHAVIORS. value at RISK (var) is employed as a
RISK_MEASURE to demonstrate the ENHANCEMENT_RISK_PERFORMANCE. finally, in
order to investigate the robustness of the results, we conduct
EXTENSIVE_SENSITIVITY_ANALYSIS over DIFFERENT_PARAMETER_SETTINGS. the
proposed model can be thought of as a statistically OPTIMAL_SUMMARIZER of
OPTIMIZATION_MODELS that enables DECISION_MAKERS to have an insight into
OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_STRATEGIES according to characteristics of the
building and the long_term ENERGY_MARKET outlook.  2020 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 31
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Haikal-Leite M.A., 2021, IEEE INT CONF RENEW ENERGY POWER ENG REPE, P366
Title: STOCHASTIC_MODELING of IRRADIATION, applied to INVESTMENT_DECISION in a
PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECT_SUBJECT to REGULATORY_SHORTFALL_PENALTY_RULES
Abstract:
```
PHOTOVOLTAIC_ENERGY_GENERATION has expanded its participation in BRAZIL
and presents itself as a PROMISING_ALTERNATIVE as a way of meeting
FUTURE_DEMAND. the STANDARD_APPROACHES to INVESTMENT_DECISION taking are
the so_called net PRESENT_VALUE (NPV) of cash flows forecasted over a
TIME_HORIZON, and discounted at a risk_adjusted rate (dcf). although this
APPROACH_CONSIDERS both the expected return and the RISK of the analyzed
project, it overlooks several uncertainties involved that may
CONSTITUTE_RISK_FACTORS for the project. one of these is the variability
of SOLAR_IRRADIATION over the YEARS as well as the PENALTY_RULES imposed
by the REGULATORY_AGENCY. in this paper, MONTHLY_AVERAGE daily
measurements of the SOLAR_RESOURCE were taken at a given location over
five YEARS. the STATISTICAL_DISTRIBUTION that best fit the variability of
irradiance over this period is determined, and MONTHLY_AVERAGES and
STANDARD_DEVIATIONS of IRRADIATION are calculated. a
PHOTOVOLTAIC_SOLAR_ENERGY_PROJECT is simulated as participating in an
auction organized by the brazilian NATIONAL_AGENCY of ELECTRIC_ENERGY
(aneel) with TYPICAL_CHARACTERISTICS of auctions held since 2014 to the
PRESENT_DATE for this GENERATION_SOURCE, with ENERGY destined to the
regulated contracting environment. MONTE_CARLO_METHOD is applied on the
IRRADIATION of the model, based on the determined
STATISTICAL_DISTRIBUTION, and the RISK of the FINANCIAL_RETURN falling
below a specified value is calculated, using a REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH to
estimate the effect of ENERGY_OUTPUT_SHORTFALL.   2021 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 51
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2020, RENEW ENERGY FOCUS, V34, P57
Title: erratum regarding previously published articles (RENEWABLE_ENERGY_FOCUS
(2019) 31 (18), (s1755008418302114), (10.1016/j.ref.2019.05.001))
Abstract:
```
the conflict of INTEREST_STATEMENTS were not included in the published
versions of the following articles, that appeared in PREVIOUS_ISSUES of
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_FOCUS. the APPROPRIATE_CONFLICT of INTEREST_STATEMENTS
are included below. a method of LOW_VOLTAGE residential micro_grids
MANAGEMENT using ami/GIS_SYSTEMS and its application benefits [renew.
ENERGY_FOCUS 32 (2020) 19] conflict of interest: none to declare.
FLEXIBLE_DESIGN at BATOKA_DAM: how REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS_COMPARES to
other decision_making tools [renew. ENERGY_FOCUS 31 (2019) 18] conflict
of interest: none to declare. taxonomy of islanding DETECTION_TECHNIQUES
for DISTRIBUTED_GENERATION in MICROGRID [renew. ENERGY_FOCUS 31 (2019)
930] conflict of interest: none to declare. a review of
POWER_QUALITY_COMPATIBILITY of WIND ENERGY_CONVERSION_SYSTEMS with the
south african utility grid [renew. ENERGY_FOCUS 31 (2019) 6372] conflict
of interest: none to declare. long_term ELECTRICITY_SECTOR expansion
planning: a UNIQUE_OPPORTUNITY for a least COST_ENERGY_TRANSITION in
south africa [renew. ENERGY_FOCUS 30 (2019) 2145] conflict of interest:
none to declare. ECONOMIC_ENVIRONMENTAL_DISPATCH of
solar_wind_hydro_thermal POWER_SYSTEM [renew. ENERGY_FOCUS 30 (2019)
107122] conflict of interest: none to declare. DESIGN of a
PEM_FUEL_CELL_MODEL for flooding and drying diagnosis using FUZZY_LOGIC
clustering [renew. ENERGY_FOCUS 30 (2019) 123130] conflict of interest:
none to declare. CASTOR_OIL, a source for BIODIESEL_PRODUCTION and its
impact on the diesel engine performance [renew. ENERGY_FOCUS 28 (2019)
110] conflict of interest: none to declare. a biomass small_scale
externally fired combined CYCLE_PLANT for heat and POWER_GENERATION in
rural communities [renew. ENERGY_FOCUS 28 (2019) 3646] conflict of
interest: none to declare.  2020 ELSEVIER_LTD
```


