You are an automated scientific writer assistant. Use only the
information provided in the following records to write one paragraph
explaining and exemplifying the relationships among the following
keywords:

INVESTMENT_DECISIONS; PRESENT_VALUES; ECONOMICS; NET_PRESENT_VALUE;
ENERGY_POLICY; CARBON_EMISSIONS; DEFER_OPTION; CASH_FLOW_ANALYSIS;
UNCERTAINTY; PROJECT_VALUES

Use the Record-No value between brackets to indicate the reference to the
record. For example, [1] means that the information is in the Record-No
1. Use notes below of the generated text to justify the affirmation. Use
only phrases appearing in the provided text.

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 43
Citations: 34
Record-ID: Ma R., 2021, ENERGY POLICY, V151
Title: the impact of feed in TARIFF_DEGRESSION on r&D_INVESTMENT in
RENEWABLE_ENERGY: the case of the SOLAR_PV_INDUSTRY
Abstract:
```
feed_in tariff (fit) is a broadly used POLICY_INSTRUMENT around the
world, in which the PAYMENT_LEVEL is always designed to decline gradually
in order to track and encourage TECHNOLOGICAL_IMPROVEMENT in
RENEWABLE_ENERGY. however, the POTENTIAL_ADVERSE_EFFECTS of
TARIFF_DEGRESSION on RENEWABLE_ENERGY_RESEARCH and development (r&d)
INVESTMENT have not been sufficiently addressed. in this paper, we
explore the impact of FIT_PAYMENT_DEGRESSION on
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_R&D_INVESTMENT and analyze the
EFFICIENT_FIT_PAYMENT_STRUCTURE for r&D_INVESTMENT. we form a MODELING
framework that captures the dynamics of FIT_PAYMENT_LEVELS and the
inventor's STRATEGIC_REACTIONS to TARIFF_CHANGES. in this framework, we
model the inventor's optimal r&D_INVESTMENT_DECISIONS based on the
canonical REAL_OPTION_APPROACH and simulate the impact of
FIT_PAYMENT_DEGRESSION on r&D_INVESTMENT and the
EFFICIENT_FIT_PAYMENT_STRUCTURE under DIFFERENT_R&D_CHARACTERISTICS using
the case of the SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) industry. our results emphasize
the ADVERSE_EFFECT of TARIFF_DEGRESSION on the COMMERCIAL_VALUE of
NEW_RENEWABLE_TECHNOLOGY and hence the inventor's INCENTIVE in
r&D_INVESTMENT, especially when facing more TECHNICAL_UNCERTAINTY and
FINANCIAL_CONSTRAINTS. our model could help policymakers to DESIGN an
EFFICIENT_FIT_PAYMENT_STRUCTURE through which the COST of the FIT_PROGRAM
is restricted to a MINIMUM_LEVEL but without influencing the inventor's
r&D_INVESTMENT_DECISIONS.  2021 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 98
Citations: 16
Record-ID: Vargas C., 2021, J SUSTAIN  FINANCE  INVEST, V11, P82
Title: end of life decommissioning and recycling of SOLAR_PANELS in the
UNITED_STATES. a REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS
Abstract:
```
hundreds of thousands of tons of SOLAR_PANEL_WASTE are estimated to be
produced yearly in the UNITED_STATES from the year 2035 on, most of which
could be recycled. this PAPER_ESTIMATES the amount of SCRAP_MATERIAL to
be produced from SOLAR_PANELS decommissioning and determines the
OPTIMAL_DATE and location to establish either centralized or regional
recycling centers to better deal with this issue from the perspective of
the u.s. GOVERNMENT as POTENTIAL_INVESTOR. SOLAR_PANEL recycling could
become a multi_billion usd industry, however, the MAIN_CHALLENGE today is
to keep its OVERALL_COSTS down while allowing for the majority of panels
to be recycled. REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS is deployed to assess the
OPTIMAL_SOLUTION to face this challenge. determining the OPTIMAL_LOCATION
of those facilities is a NOVEL_APPROACH. further applications of the
model proposed in this work could scale up this analysis at an
INTERNATIONAL_LEVEL.  2020 INFORMA_UK limited, trading as taylor &
FRANCIS_GROUP.
```

--

Record-No: 66
Citations: 12
Record-ID: Isaza Cuervo F., 2021, RENEW ENERGY FOCUS, V36, P96
Title: PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_PURCHASE_AGREEMENT_VALUATION under
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH
Abstract:
```
RENEWABLE_ENERGIES are an alternative to explore NEW_BUSINESS_MODELS in
COLOMBIA, especially when the NEW_REGULATION associated with law 1715 is
considered. in this work the FINANCIAL_FEASIBILITY of a
POWER_PURCHASE_AGREEMENT (ppa) that USES_PHOTOVOLTAIC_ENERGY is analyzed
from the perspective of a non_traditional investor. in this paper, the
FINANCIAL_FEASIBILITY of a PPA_BUSINESS was analyzed considering some of
the benefits offered by law 1715 through the use of discounted cash flows
and REAL_OPTION_ANALYSIS. the results show that TAX_BENEFITS (included on
law 1715) improve the FEASIBILITY of this BUSINESS_MODELS in COLOMBIA,
nevertheless, the DEFER_OPTION_VALUE suggest the convenience of delaying
the INVESTMENT. this WORK_CONTRIBUTES to the analysis of the effect of
the RENEWABLE_ENERGY_POLICY_INCENTIVES and the development of
NEW_BUSINESS_MODELS based on RENEWABLE_ENERGIES and the analysis of
decisions that help include PHOTOVOLTAIC_ENERGY in COLOMBIA.  2020
ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 80
Citations: 12
Record-ID: Nunes L.E., 2021, ENERGY, V231
Title: switch and DEFER_OPTION in RENEWABLE_ENERGY_PROJECTS: evidences from
BRAZIL
Abstract:
```
the GLOBAL_ELECTRICITY_SECTOR is responsible for a LARGE_SHARE of
GREENHOUSE_GAS. RENEWABLE_ENERGY (re) is a FEASIBLE_ALTERNATIVE to
maintain SUSTAINABLE_GROWTH and ECONOMIC_DEVELOPMENT, as it appears to be
a means to reduce EMISSIONS and DECARBONIZE_ECONOMIES.
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_PROJECTS present some uncertainties and flexibilities
that are ignored by TRADITIONAL_METHODS of EVALUATION, such as the net
PRESENT_VALUE (NPV), which can lead to undervaluation. this PAPER_AIMS to
assess the switch_output option and DEFER_OPTION for RE_PROJECTS
according to their features in the BRAZILIAN_ELECTRICITY_MARKET. the
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH (ROA) for RE_PROJECTS seeks to capture the value of
uncertainties and flexibilities that all projects have from an investor's
point of view. then, when we adopted a more SOPHISTICATED_APPROACH that
VALUES_FLEXIBILITIES and uncertainties for RE_PROJECTS, it was possible
to conclude that there was a CLEAR_INCREASE in value when compared to
TRADITIONAL_INVESTMENT_ANALYSIS_METHODS like the NPV.  2021 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 30
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Di Bari A., 2020, ENERGIES, V13
Title: a REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH to VALUATE_SOLAR_ENERGY_INVESTMENT with
PUBLIC_AUTHORITY_INCENTIVES: the ITALIAN_CASE
Abstract:
```
SOLAR_ENERGY_INVESTMENT represents currently a VALID_REASON to support
SUSTAINABLE_ECONOMIC_DEVELOPMENT. in fact, over the last few YEARS,
governments have applied DIFFERENT_MEASURES to incentivize
PRIVATE_CONSUMERS and firms to use RENEWABLE_ENERGIES. PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV)
projects are characterized by UNCERTAINTY due to
METEOROLOGICAL_CONDITIONS, the UNPREDICTABLE_BEHAVIOR of GOVERNMENT, and
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY. since the net PRESENT_VALUE (NPV) approach is not
able to capture these UNCERTAIN_FACTORS, it was replaced with the
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH (ROA). the latter METHOD_MANAGES to embed
FLEXIBILITY in PV_INVESTMENT using BINOMIAL_TREES. this
PAPER_VALUATES_PV_INVESTMENT in all REGIONAL_AREAS in ITALY using an
integrated approach between the discounted cash flows method and
REAL_OPTION_VALUE, called expanded net PRESENT_VALUE (ENPV). we fit the
PROBABILITY of TAX_BENEFITS into a BINOMIAL_LATTICE_MODEL after analyzing
the GEOGRAPHICAL_POSITION and WEATHER_CONDITIONS of all REGIONAL_CAPITALS
of ITALY. the results show that the cities with high
irradiance/temperature have POSITIVE_NPV and HIGH_INVESTMENT_VALUES. on
the other hand, while most cities have NEGATIVE_NPV, the inclusion of the
FLEXIBILITY in INVESTMENT_DECISIONS gives ADDITIONAL_VALUE to the
project, making the ENPV positive and implying an
ATTRACTIVE_INVESTMENT_OPPORTUNITY with the possibility of delaying the
project. we also propose a SENSITIVITY_ANALYSIS that shows how the
REAL_OPTION_VALUE_CHANGES when INCENTIVE_POLICIES of the GOVERNMENT
become more attractive. this PAPER_CONTRIBUTES to the existing literature
in the way of considering FINANCIAL, meteorological/geographical, and
POLITICAL_FACTORS to VALUATE_PV_INVESTMENT.  2020 MDPI_AG. all rights
reserved.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

INVESTMENT_DECISIONS; PRESENT_VALUES; ECONOMICS; NET_PRESENT_VALUE;
ENERGY_POLICY; CARBON_EMISSIONS; DEFER_OPTION; CASH_FLOW_ANALYSIS;
UNCERTAINTY; PROJECT_VALUES

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 91
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Balibrea-Iniesta J., 2020, ENERGIES, V13
Title: ECONOMIC_ANALYSIS of RENEWABLE_ENERGY_REGULATION in france: a CASE_STUDY
for PHOTOVOLTAIC_PLANTS based on REAL_OPTIONS
Abstract:
```
in this work, a NOVEL_METHODOLOGY based on the REAL_OPTIONS_THEORY has
been developed for the EVALUATION of PHOTOVOLTAIC_ENERGY_PROJECTS with a
capacity greater than 100 kw in france. FRENCH_LEGISLATION that regulates
these types of projects presents two REAL_OPTIONS: on the one hand, the
producer has a put option that consists of choosing between a feed_in
tariff system and ELECTRICITY_MARKET_SALE_PRICES every year, and this put
OPTION_COINCIDES with PUBLIC_SUBSIDIES granted by the
FRENCH_ADMINISTRATION. on the other hand, the FRENCH_ADMINISTRATION has a
CALL_OPTION that provides a benefit to the PUBLIC_SECTOR. this
OPTION_SUPPOSES a limit on the subsidized PRODUCTION of ELECTRICITY and
reduces the value of the project to the promoter. the value of the put
option is 4.28  per mwh generated. the extended net PRESENT_VALUE has a
value of 5.26 million euros. the BREAKEVEN_POINT of the project is
achieved with an increase of 59% in the regulated rate. this means that
the FRENCH_ADMINISTRATION must increase the value of PUBLIC_SUBSIDIES if
it wants to develop large_scale projects.  2020 by the author.
LICENSEE_MDPI, basel, switzerland. this ARTICLE is an OPEN_ACCESS_ARTICLE
distributed under the terms and conditions of the
CREATIVE_COMMONS_ATTRIBUTION (cc by) license
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
```

--

Record-No: 17
Citations: 9
Record-ID: Biancardi M., 2021, CHAOS SOLITONS FRACTALS, V153
Title: r&D_INVESTMENT_DECISION on SMART_CITIES: ENERGY_SUSTAINABILITY and
opportunity
Abstract:
```
PUBLIC_ADMINISTRATIONS frequently tend to make communities as much
sustainable as possible pursuing SMART_CITY_GOALS.
SOLAR_ENERGY_INVESTMENTS represent a VALID_OPPORTUNITY to
SUPPORT_SMART_CITIES and consequently the
SUSTAINABLE_ECONOMIC_DEVELOPMENT. the VALUATION of these projects is not
a SIMPLE_TASK considering their SEQUENTIAL_NATURE and riskiness. this
ARTICLE proposes a compound REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH (ROA) as a tool for
POTENTIAL_INVESTORS to make a CONSCIOUS_R&d RENEWABLE_INVESTMENT_DECISION
on SMART_CITIES. in this sense, we fit the COMPOUND_ROA with the
framework of a TYPICAL_SMART_CITY_PROJECT in SOLAR_ENERGY_FIELD. we also
provide a CASE_STUDY to make a comparison between classical expected net
PRESENT_VALUE (ENPV) approach and COMPOUND_ROA. the results show that
ENPV_UNDERESTIMATES the PROJECT_VALUE, WHEREAS_COMPOUND_ROA allows to
obtain a more ATTRACTIVE_VALUATION of the project by embedding in the
analysis the MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY_VALUE.  2021 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 4
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Sisodia G.S., 2021, BR FOOD J, V123, P1560
Title: BUSINESS_VALUATION_STRATEGY for NEW_HYDROPONIC_FARM_DEVELOPMENT  a
proposal towards SUSTAINABLE_AGRICULTURE_DEVELOPMENT in united
ARAB_EMIRATES
Abstract:
```
purpose: this STUDY_AIMS to evaluate a HYDROPONIC_FARM (through
NUTRIENT_FILM_TECHNIQUE) while considering UNCERTAINTY, SUSTAINABILITY
and the system's utility in the DOMINANT_DESERT_GEOGRAPHY. the idea of
the HYDROPONIC_FARM is to allow individuals/businesses to grow plants.
given the GEOGRAPHICAL_CONDITION, the HYDROPONIC_SYSTEM may be useful in
the GULF_CONTEXT and may lead to FOOD_SECURITY and SUSTAINABILITY.
additionally, the UAE_GOVERNMENT has initiated several SUPPORT_SCHEMES
that can be availed for investing in SUCH_BUSINESSES that can contribute
to the nation's FOOD_SECURITY. DESIGN/methodology/approach: the
HYDROPONIC_FARM is evaluated using the net PRESENT_VALUE and
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH. the authors studied five scenarios: 1. business as
usual, 2. 50% SUBSIDY on INITIAL_INVESTMENT through khalifa FUNDING, 3.
4% premium, 4. SUBSIDY plus premium and 5. SOLAR_PANEL installation with
bore well. findings: as per the assumptions and DATA_USAGE, all the
SCENARIOS_SHOWS a POSITIVE_NET PRESENT_VALUE (NPV); nevertheless,
scenarios 4 and 5 report the significant highest net present and
DELAY_VALUE. RESEARCH limitations/implications: this study has
environmental, economic and SOCIAL_IMPLICATIONS. lower IMPORTS indirectly
lead to lower CARBON_FOOTPRINTS. the LOCAL_PRODUCTION of FOOD_ENSURES
higher EMPLOYABILITY in the sector and increase in LOCAL_CONSUMPTION.
additionally, FRESH_FOOD_CONSUMPTION is directly associated to
GOOD_HEALTH. PRACTICAL_IMPLICATIONS: SUPPORTIVE_POLICIES such as
subsidies through khalifa FUNDING may accelerate the expansion of
SUCH_PROJECTS through domestic and FOREIGN_INVESTMENTS. one of the
IMPORTANT_TAKEAWAY from the study is to invest in the training of the
WORKFORCE. SOCIAL_IMPLICATIONS: given the GEOGRAPHICAL_CONDITION, the uae
usually depends on FOOD_IMPORTS. if the HYDROPONIC_FARMS become popular,
the residents will have access to FRESH_VEGETABLES and fruits. higher
engagement in AGRICULTURE_ACTIVITIES also ensures a SIGNIFICANT_INCREASE
in agriculture_related businesses and higher EMPLOYABILITY.
originality/value: the study adds novelty to the literature because the
effect of khalifa FUNDING and INVESTMENT_ANALYSIS on SOLAR (wells) has
not been evaluated in any HYDROPONIC_STUDIES. we presented the results
with TORNADO_GRAPHS using NPV_RISK and REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH in the
GULF_CONTEXT. the study represents FUNCTIONAL_SCENARIOS that were
previously not found in the literature.  2020, emerald publishing
limited.
```

--

Record-No: 13
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Greenberg D., 2021, ELECTRONICS (SWITZERLAND), V10
Title: VALUATION of WIND ENERGY_TURBINES using VOLATILITY of WIND and price
Abstract:
```
the limitedness of the NONRENEWABLE_LOCAL_ENERGY_RESOURCES in israel,
even in the background of the later GAS_FIELDS_FINDINGS, continues to
force the state to devote VARIOUS_EFFORTS towards
GREEN_ENERGY_DEVELOPMENT. these efforts include installations, both for
the SOLAR and for WIND_ENERGY, thus improving the diversity of
ENERGY_SOURCES. while the standard discounted CASH_FLOW (dcf) method
using the net PRESENT_VALUE (NPV) criterion is extensively adopted to
evaluate INVESTMENTS, the STANDARD_DCF_METHOD is inappropriate for the
rapidly changing INVESTMENT_CLIMATE and for the MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY in
INVESTMENT_DECISIONS. in RECENT_YEARS, the REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS (ROA)
technique has been widely applied in many studies for the VALUATION of
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INVESTMENT_PROJECTS. taking into account the
ABOVE_BACKGROUND, we apply, in this study, the
REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS_APPROACH for the VALUATION of WIND ENERGY_TURBINES
and apply it to the analysis of WIND_ENERGY ECONOMIC_POTENTIAL in israel,
which is the context of our work. we hypothesize that due to nature of
WIND ENERGY_PRODUCTION_UNCERTAINTIES, the ROA_METHOD is better than the
alternative. the novelty of this paper includes the following: REAL_WORLD
WIND statistics of the MEROM_GOLAN_SITE in israel (velocity 3.73 m/s,
with a STANDARD_DEVIATION of 2.03 m/s), a
REALISTIC_POWER_GENERATION_ESTIMATION (POWER_GENERATION of 1205.84 kw
with a STANDARD_DEVIATION of about 0.5% in ANNUAL_VALUE which is worth
about 1.3 m$ per annum), and an ECONOMIC_MODEL to evaluate the
PROFITABILITY of such a project. we thus discuss the existing challenges
of diversifying RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES in israel by adding WIND
installations. our motivation is to introduce a method which will allow
investors and officials to take into ACCOUNT_UNCERTAINTIES when deciding
in investing in SUCH_WIND_INSTALLATIONS. the outcomes of the paper, which
are obtained using the method of WEIBULL_STATISTICS and the
BLACKSCHOLES_ROA_TECHNIQUE, include the result that
MARKET_PRICE_VOLATILITY adds to the uncertainties much more than any WIND
fluctuations, provided that the analysis is integrated over a long enough
time.  2021 by the authors. LICENSEE_MDPI, basel, switzerland.
```

--

Record-No: 50
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Al-Obaidli H., 2021, COMPUT AIDED CHEM ENG, V50, P1795
Title: statistical decision theoretic RISK_MANAGEMENT for planning
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_PATHWAYS
Abstract:
```
the world has witnessed an increase in the level of INVESTMENTS for
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_TECHNOLOGIES in the PAST_DECADE mainly owing to the
pressure for mitigating GREENHOUSE_GAS (ghg) EMISSIONS, whilst addressing
the issue of CLIMATE_CHANGE. according to RECENT_STATISTICS,
GLOBAL_INVESTMENTS edged up by 2 % in 2019 to $301.7 billion, taking the
value of CUMULATIVE_INVESTMENTS since 2004 to $3.5 trillion, which has
been attributed to the falling COSTS of SOLAR and WIND technologies. with
the commissioning of ADDITIONAL_CAPACITIES from RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES
each year, there is a growing need for managing the associated
RISKS_AND_UNCERTAINTIES from the perspective of DIFFERENT_STAKEHOLDERS
throughout the planning, development and OPERATIONAL_PHASES.
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES entail CONSIDERABLE_TECHNOLOGICAL and
FINANCIAL_RISKS_EXPOSURE, depending on the location where the
technologies are implemented, and thus needs to be managed using
techniques that would provide both the quantification of RISKS and
OPTIMAL_DECISIONS that lead to RISK MITIGATION. the objective of the
proposed RESEARCH is to develop a PROBABILISTIC_FRAMEWORK which broadly
includes: (a) statistical modelling of FINANCIAL_RISKS _ such as
variability of revenue due to ELECTRICITY_PRICE, DEMAND_FLUCTUATIONS,
GENERATION_COSTS, or other MARKET_CONDITIONS; and (b) evaluating options
that maximise the stakeholders utility/reward functions, or
MINIMISE_RISKS, for a given TECHNOLOGY_MIX. this RESEARCH_DEMONSTRATES
the implementation of BINOMIAL_LATTICE_MODEL in REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS
(ROA) for the VALUATION of INVESTMENTS on diversified ENERGY_PORTFOLIOS.
the framework is applied to analyse the impact of RISKS_AND_UNCERTAINTIES
on CAPITAL budgeting decisions relating to PROJECT_SIZE (expand or
contract); PROJECT_LIFE and timing (initiation, deferment or abandon);
and PROJECT_OPERATION (FLEXIBILITY in the TECHNOLOGY_MIX) for scenarios
involving large_scale deployment of RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES.  2021
elsevier b.v.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

INVESTMENT_DECISIONS; PRESENT_VALUES; ECONOMICS; NET_PRESENT_VALUE;
ENERGY_POLICY; CARBON_EMISSIONS; DEFER_OPTION; CASH_FLOW_ANALYSIS;
UNCERTAINTY; PROJECT_VALUES

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 96
Citations: 1
Record-ID: D’Alpaos C., 2020, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V12250 LNCS, P148
Title: the value of investing in DOMESTIC_ENERGY_STORAGE_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
in this paper, we investigate whether INVESTMENTS in
BATTERY_STORAGE_SYSTEMS, coupled with existing PV_PLANTS, are profitable
in the phasing out of incentives. in detail, we analyze the
INVESTMENT_DECISION of a HOUSEHOLD, who has already invested in a
PV_PLANT and has to decide whether and when to invest in the adoption of
BATTERY_STORAGE_SYSTEMS (bss). we provide a REAL_OPTION_MODEL to
determine the value of the opportunity to invest and its OPTIMAL_TIMING.
the existing PV_PLANT gives the HOUSEHOLD the opportunity to invest in
BSS_ADOPTION, and this opportunity is analogous to a CALL_OPTION. our
findings show that NEGATIVE_NPV_INVESTMENTS may turn to be profitable if
the HOUSEHOLD optimally exercises the option to defer. the greater the
VOLATILITY of ENERGY_PRICES, the greater the OPTION_VALUE to defer, and
the greater the OPPORTUNITY_COST of waiting (i.e., the greater the
ENERGY_PRICES_DRIFT), the smaller the OPTION_VALUE to defer.  2020,
SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 58
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Palma H.H., 2020, INT J ENERGY ECON POLICY, V10, P225
Title: FINANCIAL_EVALUATION of PHOTOVOLTAIC_ENERGY_PROJECTS in COLOMBIA
Abstract:
```
the use of RENEWABLE_SOURCES, especially PHOTOVOLTAICS, has become a
VIABLE_ALTERNATIVE as a supply of this VITAL_ELEMENT without destroying
the ENVIRONMENTAL_ENVIRONMENT. in this sense, the MAIN_OBJECTIVE of the
study is to propose a methodology of economic/FINANCIAL_EVALUATION of
PHOTOVOLTAIC_ENERGY_PROJECTS in COLOMBIA, through the application of the
REAL_OPTIONS_VALUATION, the above supported by a mixed method that
combines the review of QUALITATIVE_INFORMATION or documentary in
conjunction with a QUANTITATIVE_SAMPLE based on NUMERICAL_DATA and
OFFICIAL_FIGURES, in order to address the issue with
RIGOROUS_LIVELIHOODS. the results indicate that the PHOTOVOLTAIC_ENERGY
has a HIGH_POTENTIAL in the country, according to the
REAL_OPTIONS_VALUATION the TOTAL_INVESTMENT_COST of the installation and
commissioning for a 5000 KW_PLANT would be $ 18,930,000 usd, taking
advantage of 1825 h of work thus generating about 9,125,000 kw/h. it is
concluded that the ENERGY_MATRIX in COLOMBIA must be diversified,
supported by a GOVERNMENT_MANAGEMENT that FACILITATES_ACCESS to
CREDIT_LINES that leverage the INITIAL_INVESTMENT in CAPITAL,
additionally, taking advantage of the GEOGRAPHICAL_CHARACTERISTICS of
guajira, magdalena and the atlantic is crucial for implement these types
of projects.  2020, econjournals. all rights reserved.
```


