You are an automated scientific writer assistant. Use only the
information provided in the following records to write one paragraph
explaining and exemplifying the relationships among the following
keywords:

INVESTMENT_COSTS; CARBON_PRICES; POWER_PLANTS; SUBSIDY_POLICY; COAL;
COAL_FIRED_POWER_PLANTS; FOSSIL_FUEL_POWER_PLANTS; TARIFF_STRUCTURE;
ELECTRICITY_TARIFFS; STRATEGIC_PLANNING

Use the Record-No value between brackets to indicate the reference to the
record. For example, [1] means that the information is in the Record-No
1. Use notes below of the generated text to justify the affirmation. Use
only phrases appearing in the provided text.

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 72
Citations: 71
Record-ID: Zhang M.M., 2019, APPL ENERGY, V240, P1049
Title: evaluating UNCERTAIN_INVESTMENT_DECISIONS in LOW_CARBON_TRANSITION toward
RENEWABLE_ENERGY
Abstract:
```
this paper proposed a model for solving the
INVESTMENT_DECISIONS_AMIDST_UNCERTAINTY in the low_carbon transition
toward RENEWABLE_ENERGY. the REAL_OPTION_METHOD is used and numerous
influencing factors are considered, including the MARKET_PRICE of
ELECTRICITY, FOSSIL_FUEL_COST, CARBON_DIOXIDE_PRICE, INVESTMENT_COST and
long_term changes of feed_in tariff policy associated with
RENEWABLE_ENERGY. the INVESTMENT_DECISIONS related to the transition from
a coal_fired POWER_PLANT to a SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_PLANT in CHINA
have been analyzed in detail. the results indicate the
OPTIMAL_TRANSITION_INVESTMENT_STRATEGY and elucidate the effects of
MULTIPLE_FACTORS on the INVESTMENT_STRATEGY. this provides a
CLEAR_SUGGESTION for both the GOVERNMENT and investor how to
scientifically ADDRESS_UNCERTAINTY and make OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_DECISION
to accelerate the low_carbon transition.  2019 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 64
Citations: 46
Record-ID: Fan J.-L., 2019, RENEWABLE SUSTAINABLE ENERGY REV, V115
Title: BENEFIT_EVALUATION of INVESTMENT in CCS_RETROFITTING of COAL fired
POWER_PLANTS and PV_POWER_PLANTS in CHINA based on REAL_OPTIONS
Abstract:
```
coal_fired POWER_PLAYS an IMPORTANT_ROLE in CHINA's power supply, even
though the PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) power has developed rapidly in RECENT_YEARS.
CARBON_CAPTURE_AND_STORAGE (ccs) TECHNOLOGY is essential for achieving
anticipated long_term CLIMATE_CHANGE MITIGATION_TARGETS. however, CHINA's
GOVERNMENT_SUBSIDY policies tend to SUPPORT_PV, while incentives for ccs
are few. given this situation, a TRINOMIAL_TREE modeling_based
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH was developed to evaluate
CCS_RETROFITTING_INVESTMENT in coal_fired
POWER_PLANTS_VERSUS_PV_POWER_INVESTMENT. this model includes setting
DIFFERENT_POLICY_SCENARIOS by considering ELECTRICITY_TARIFF_SUBSIDIES
and CHINESE_EMISSION trading scheme (cn_ets). the results showed that
coal_fired power with ccs has a COST_ADVANTAGE over PV_POWER in most
provinces in CHINA, if the ELECTRICITY_TARIFF and other SUBSIDY_POLICIES
remain the same; however, PV_POWER will be cheaper than coal_fired power
with ccs in yunnan, tianjin, hebei, shanghai and SHANXI_PROVINCES in the
ABOVE_CASES. incorporating ccs into cn_ets could cut the
former'S_APPLICATION_COST, but the INCENTIVE_EFFECT of cn_ets is not
obvious, because the CARBON_PRICE in CHINA is currently too cheap, and
the INCENTIVE_EFFECT of a POWER_TARIFF_SUBSIDY (SUBSIDY at the
PV_POWER_TARIFF_LEVEL) is much better for PV than for cn_ets. increasing
the LOAD_FACTOR is an IMPORTANT_WAY to reduce the CCS_APPLICATION_COST
for POWER_PLANTS. the results of this study provide reference and
guidance for the COLLABORATIVE_DEVELOPMENT of ccs and PV.  2019
```


