You are an automated scientific writer assistant. Use only the
information provided in the following records to write one paragraph
explaining and exemplifying the relationships among the following
keywords:

ECONOMICS; PRESENT_VALUES; COSTS; OPTIMAL_INVESTMENTS;
ELECTRICITY_GENERATION; HIGH_INVESTMENT_COSTS; POWER_GENERATION;
PRICE_DYNAMICS; ELECTRICITY_PRICES; POLICY_ANALYSIS

Use the Record-No value between brackets to indicate the reference to the
record. For example, [1] means that the information is in the Record-No
1. Use notes below of the generated text to justify the affirmation. Use
only phrases appearing in the provided text.

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 29
Citations: 19
Record-ID: Agaton C.B., 2018, ENERGY SUSTAINABILITY SOC, V8
Title: a REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH to RENEWABLE_ELECTRICITY_GENERATION in the
PHILIPPINES
Abstract:
```
background: the PHILIPPINES is making a SIGNIFICANT_STRIDE to become
ENERGY independent by developing more SUSTAINABLE_SOURCES of ENERGY.
however, INVESTMENT in RENEWABLE_ENERGY is challenged by
COMPETITIVE_OIL_PRICES, very HIGH_INVESTMENT_COST for RENEWABLE_ENERGY,
and HIGH_LOCAL_ELECTRICITY_PRICES. this PAPER_EVALUATES the
attractiveness of investing in RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES over continue
using oil for ELECTRICITY_GENERATION. methods: this PAPER_USES the
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH to analyze how the timing of INVESTMENT in
RENEWABLE_ENERGY depends on VOLATILITY of DIESEL_PRICE,
ELECTRICITY_PRICE, and externality for using oil. results: the result
presents a POSITIVE_NET PRESENT_VALUE for RENEWABLE_ENERGY_INVESTMENT.
under UNCERTAINTY in OIL_PRICES, DYNAMIC_OPTIMIZATION describes how
waiting or delaying INVESTMENT in RENEWABLES_INCURS loses. decreasing the
LOCAL_ELECTRICITY_PRICE and incorporating
NEGATIVE_EXTERNALITY_FAVOR_INVESTMENT in RENEWABLE_ENERGY over continuing
the use of oil for ELECTRICITY_GENERATION. conclusions:
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH_HIGHLIGHTS the FLEXIBILITY in the timing of making
INVESTMENT_DECISIONS. at the CURRENT_ENERGY_REGIME in the PHILIPPINES,
substituting RENEWABLE_ENERGY is a better option than continue importing
oil for ELECTRICITY_GENERATION. policies should aim at supporting
INVESTMENT in more SUSTAINABLE_SOURCES of ENERGY by imposing externality
for using oil or decreasing the price of ELECTRICITY.  2018, the
author(s).
```

--

Record-No: 44
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Chen W., 2018, MITIGATION ADAPT STRATEG GLOBAL CHANGE, V23, P667
Title: ELECTRICITY_PRICE_SUBSIDY or CARBON_TRADING SUBSIDY: which is more
efficient to develop PHOTOVOLTAIC_POWER_GENERATION from a
GOVERNMENT_PERSPECTIVE?
Abstract:
```
PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) POWER_GENERATION has HIGH_INVESTMENT_COSTS and
LONG_PAYBACK_PERIODS. therefore, during EARLY_DEPLOYMENT, subsidies are
fundamental and necessary to accelerate its development. we consider the
question of how to promote PV_INDUSTRY_DEVELOPMENT and which supporting
policy is more efficient in accelerating adoption. based on
REAL_OPTIONS_METHOD, we establish a SUBSIDY_EFFICIENCY_MODEL for
ELECTRICITY_PRICE_SUBSIDIES and carbon_trading subsidies under two
sources of UNCERTAINTY_POWER_DEMAND for PV and the INVESTMENT
cost_reduction PROBABILITY. this STUDY_AIMS to compare the two forms of
subsidies from the perspective of promoting IMMEDIATE_INVESTMENT and
maximizing the SUBSIDY_POLICY_EFFICIENCY for the GOVERNMENT (minimizing
the unit carbon_mitigation COST) and advance RELEVANT_POLICY_PROPOSALS.
an example of CHINA is provided to test the effectiveness of the model
and to illustrate the implications of the solutions. the results show
that a carbon_trading SUBSIDY is better than an ELECTRICITY_PRICE_SUBSIDY
and that it is essential to improve the demand for the power produced by
the PV power_generation projects. lower MARKET_RISK and driving
TECHNOLOGY_PROGRESS are both conducive to improving the
SUBSIDY_EFFICIENCY. this study also provides a MEANINGFUL_REFERENCE for
GOVERNMENTS_WORLDWIDE to FORMULATE_SUBSIDY_PROGRAMS to SUPPORT_PV
power_generation projects.  2017, springer science+business media b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 35
Citations: 9
Record-ID: Li Y., 2018, ENERGIES, V11
Title: an EVALUATION of INVESTMENT in a PV_POWER_GENERATION_PROJECT in the
GOBI_DESERT using a REAL_OPTIONS_MODEL
Abstract:
```
this paper presents a POLICY_BENEFIT_MODEL of a PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV)
POWER_GENERATION_PROJECT based on REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS (ROA) and the
two_factor LEARNING_CURVE model. the MAIN_PURPOSE is to examine the
INVESTMENT_BEHAVIOR of developing a PV_PROJECT in the GOBI_DESERT
considering MULTIPLE_UNCERTAIN_FACTORS. we take the ENVIRONMENTAL_COST of
DESERTIFICATION_CONTROL into account for the first time in the
literature. four other UNCERTAIN_FACTORS are THERMAL_POWER_COST,
PV_POWER_GENERATION_COST, CARBON_PRICES, and GOVERNMENT_SUBSIDY. a
BINARY_TREE_METHOD is applied to solve the proposed model, and we obtain
both UNIT_DECISION_VALUE and OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_TIME. our
BASELINE_SCENARIO_ILLUSTRATES that ROA is more effective than net
PRESENT_VALUE (NPV) analysis when dealing with UNCERTAINTY. our
SIMULATION_RESULTS show that the GOVERNMENT could suffer a loss in
accordance with the existing SUBSIDY_POLICY when investing in a
PV_PROJECT. therefore, the SUBSIDY should be gradually reduced. finally,
the influence of the SUBSIDY_POLICY on DECISION_VALUE is discussed, and
an APPROPRIATE_SUBSIDY is determined accordingly.  2018 by the authors.
LICENSEE_MDPI, basel, switzerland.
```

--

Record-No: 77
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Glensk B., 2019, ENERGIES, V12
Title: energiewende @ RISK: on the continuation of RENEWABLE_POWER_GENERATION at
the end of PUBLIC_POLICY_SUPPORT
Abstract:
```
this PAPER_AIMS to analyze what happens with
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_POWER_PLANTS, such as onshore WIND, PHOTOVOLTAICS and
biomass, when the PUBLIC_POLICY_SUPPORT based on the RENEWABLE_ENERGY_LAW
expires. with its expiration, the first RENEWABLE_ENERGY (and especially
onshore WIND) POWER_PLANTS will have to be scrutinized as to whether they
can economically continue operation, whether they have to be repowered,
or whether they need to be decommissioned. the RELATIVE_MERITS of these
three alternatives are evaluated by applying REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS. in
contrast to TRADITIONAL_PROJECT_EVALUATION_TECHNIQUES, the
REAL_OPTIONS_APPROACH takes advantage of the use of UNCERTAIN_PARAMETERS
included in the model, such as the development of the ELECTRICITY_PRICE
or ELECTRICITY_OUTPUT. the results obtained suggest that parameters such
as the level of FUTURE_OPERATION and MAINTENANCE_COSTS, the expected
development of the ELECTRICITY_PRICE at the SPOT_MARKET, and the
interrelations between these, as well as the development of the
ELECTRICITY_OUTPUT from RENEWABLES can significantly affect the
PROFITABILITY of these POWER_PLANTS and thus impact the decision about
their further OPTIMAL_OPERATION.  2019 by the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 52
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Zeng Y./1, 2019, ENERGIES, V12
Title: the determination of CONCESSION_PERIOD for BUILD_OPERATE_TRANSFER
SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAIC POWER_PROJECT under POLICY_INCENTIVES: a CASE_STUDY of
CHINA
Abstract:
```
since the CONCESSION_PERIOD is one of the most CRUCIAL_VARIABLES
influencing the success of a PHOTOVOLTAIC (PV) POWER_PROJECT under
build_operate_transfer (bot) mode, this paper presents a
REAL_OPTION_GAME_MODELWHICH_INTEGRATES the REAL_OPTION and
COOPERATIVE_GAME_THEORYTO determine the OPTIMAL_CONCESSION_PERIOD of the
BOT_SOLAR_PV_POWER_PROJECT under POLICY_INCENTIVES by considering the
value of the option to defer. in the proposed model, an
EFFECTIVE_INTERVAL of CONCESSION_PERIOD for the BOT_PROJECT was
identified by using a REAL_OPTION, and the EQUILIBRIUM_VALUE of the
CONCESSION_PERIOD was obtained by applying CLASSICAL_OPTIMIZATION_THEORY.
to evaluate our model, we empirically determined the
OPTIMAL_CONCESSION_PERIOD for the BOT_SOLAR_PV_POWER_PROJECT in CHINA,
and a SENSITIVITY_ANALYSIS was conducted to demonstrate how
RELEVANT_INFLUENTIAL_FACTORS, which are presented in the model, affect
the EQUILIBRIUM_VALUE of the CONCESSION_PERIOD and its
EFFECTIVE_INTERVAL. the results indicate that the
CURRENT_INVESTMENT_ENVIRONMENT in CHINA could successfully implement the
BOT_SOLAR_PV_POWER_PROJECT under POLICY_INCENTIVES, including
INITIAL_COST_SUBSIDY and the feed_in tariffs mechanism. while the
HIGH_VOLATILITY of ELECTRICITY_DEMAND, INVESTMENT_COST, and land_use rent
fee can lead the failure of the BOT_SOLAR_PV_PROJECT_IMPLEMENTATION,
promoting the TECHNOLOGICAL_DEVELOPMENT of PV_POWER_GENERATION,
maintaining the MARKET_STABILITY, and increasing the POLICY_INCENTIVES
can help the BOT_POWER_PROJECT to be arranged with an
OPTIMAL_CONCESSION_PERIOD. in addition, the feed_in tariffs mechanism is
more helpful than the INITIAL_COST_SUBSIDY for winning the BOT_CONTRACT.
2019 by the authors.
```


