You are an automated scientific writer assistant. Use only the
information provided in the following records to write one paragraph
explaining and exemplifying the relationships among the following
keywords:

UNCERTAINTY; PROJECT_VALUES; STOCHASTIC_PROCESS; BINOMIAL_DECISION_TREE;
RISK_ASSESSMENT; RISK_PERCEPTION; PRICE_VOLATILITY; SOLAR_PROJECTS;
GEOMETRIC_BROWNIAN_MOTION; LARGE_SCALES

Use the Record-No value between brackets to indicate the reference to the
record. For example, [1] means that the information is in the Record-No
1. Use notes below of the generated text to justify the affirmation. Use
only phrases appearing in the provided text.

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 69
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Biancardi M., 2023, COMM NONLINEAR SCI NUMER SIMUL, V116
Title: FLEXIBILITY to SWITCH_PROJECT_SIZE: a REAL_OPTION_APPLICATION for
PHOTOVOLTAIC_INVESTMENT_VALUATION
Abstract:
```
SOLAR_ENERGY_PROJECTS_CONTRIBUTE to SMART_CITY_GOALS by reducing
pollution and assisting cities to become self_sustaining. however, these
projects, characterised by their SEQUENTIAL_NATURE, require a HUGE_AMOUNT
of IRREVERSIBLE_INVESTMENT, especially in the case of large_scale
PHOTOVOLTAIC_PROJECTS (mw). this aspect could make
SOLAR_PROJECTS_UNATTRACTIVE for POTENTIAL_INVESTORS. to mitigate the
RISKS of FINANCIAL_LOSSES the investor could invest in small_scale
SOLAR_PROJECTS and switch to large_scale INVESTMENT_PROJECTS only if the
MARKET_CONDITIONS are favourable. this PAPER_AIMS to embed this
MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY of changing INVESTMENT_SIZE during the
PROJECT_LIFETIME into its VALUATION. to accomplish this, we use a
COMPOUND_OPTIONS_APPROACH with a switch and call OPTIONS_MODELS to
reliably price these projects by considering their riskiness and, their
stochastic and multi_stage nature. we also consider the determination of
the OPTIMAL_INVESTMENT_TIME like an AMERICAN_OPTION. we also propose a
CASE_STUDY that shows that considering the MANAGERIAL_FLEXIBILITY_VALUE
in the PROJECT_VALUATION makes them attractive and financially
profitable.  2022 elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 59
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Al-Obaidli H., 2023, ENERGIES, V16
Title: multidimensional RISK based REAL_OPTIONS_VALUATION for low CARBON
COGENERATION pathways
Abstract:
```
ENERGY_PRICE_FLUCTUATIONS_POSE a SIGNIFICANT_RISK and UNCERTAINTY to
FINANCIAL_INVESTMENTS for NEW_DEVELOPMENTS in CONVENTIONAL_POWER and
FRESHWATER_COGENERATION_FACILITIES. this STUDY_ATTEMPTS to address the
problem of making ROBUST_VALUATION for low_carbon ENERGY project
INVESTMENTS subject to multi_dimensional PRICE_RISK, particularly looking
at some KEY_RESEARCH_QUESTIONS: (a) how does the CORRELATION_STRUCTURE,
or independence, between the PRICE_RISKS affect the PROJECT_VALUE; and
(b) does adding FLEXIBILITY in INVESTMENT_ENHANCE or worsen the
PROJECT_VALUATION, given (a). this study identified three PRICE_FACTORS
with SIGNIFICANT_FLUCTUATIONS that impact CONVENTIONAL_POWER_GENERATION,
namely: WHOLESALE_ELECTRICITY_SPOT_PRICE, NATURAL_GAS_SPOT_PRICE, and
CO2_MARKET_PRICE. the PRICE_FACTORS were used to construct a
MULTIDIMENSIONAL_RISK_MODEL and evaluate INVESTMENT_DECISIONS for
COGENERATION_PROJECT_EXPANSION in the FUTURE based on a low_carbon
ENERGY_MIX. to this end, five COGENERATION_CONFIGURATIONS using
combined_cycle gas turbine (ccgt) integrated with SOLAR_PHOTOVOLTAICS
(PV) and CARBON_CAPTURE_AND_STORAGE (ccs) technologies were assessed. a
combined PRICE_RISK was initially estimated by transforming the given
PRICE_FACTORS representing MAXIMUM_COVARIANCE using
PRINCIPAL_COMPONENT_ANALYSIS (pca). the trend and volatilities in the
MAJOR_PRINCIPAL_COMPONENT_SCORES (the combined PRICE_RISK_INDICATOR) were
modelled using the GEOMETRIC_BROWNIAN_MOTION_STOCHASTIC_PROCESS, whose
parameters were determined and then used to perform time_series
SIMULATION and generate MULTIPLE_REALISATIONS of the PRINCIPAL_COMPONENT.
a BACK_TRANSFORMATION was then applied to obtain the simulated values
representing FUTURE_UNCERTAINTIES in the PRICE_FACTORS. the effect of
PRICE_RISK and uncertainties were subsequently evaluated using a
recombining BINOMIAL_LATTICE_MODEL for REAL_OPTIONS_ANALYSIS (ROA). there
were FINANCIAL_GAINS when PV was mixed with conventional natural
gas_fired TECHNOLOGY. INVESTMENT in COGENERATION_CONFIGURATIONS with (a)
25% PV share provided a 53% gain in the extended net PRESENT_VALUE
(ENPV); and (b) 50% PV share provided a 124% ENPV gain when compared to
the BASELINE_COGENERATION_SYSTEM with no PV_SHARES. the analyses
demonstrate that PV_TECHNOLOGY is a better hedging option than ccs
against FUTURE_MARKET_UNCERTAINTY and PRICE_VOLATILITY.  2023 by the
authors.
```


